
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.001075                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  1075336665                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               398803687920                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 285582                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   368165                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                  25913                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67753860                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 41498.66                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 11851255337                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   15278373933                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data         9216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data        21888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data         9216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         1920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data        46464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data         9216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data        16768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         1920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data        46464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data        46592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data        61184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data         9216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data        22016                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data        16640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data        14592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         1920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data        46464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data         9216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data        14592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total               439296                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         1920                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         1920                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         1920                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           39552                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks       153984                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total            153984                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data           72                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data          171                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data           72                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data          363                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data           72                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data          131                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data          363                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data          364                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data          478                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data           72                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data          172                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data          130                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data          114                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data          363                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data           72                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data          114                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                  3432                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            1203                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 1203                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst      3094845                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data      8570339                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst      1547422                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     20354556                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst      3094845                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data      8570339                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst      1785487                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     43208794                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst      3094845                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data      8570339                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst      1666455                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     15593256                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst      1785487                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     43208794                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst      1547422                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     43327826                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst      1547422                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     56897530                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst      3094845                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data      8570339                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst      1547422                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     20473588                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst      1666455                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     15474224                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst      3213877                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     13569704                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst      1785487                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     43208794                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst      3094845                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data      8570339                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst      3213877                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     13569704                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               408519503                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst      3094845                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst      1547422                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst      3094845                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst      1785487                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst      3094845                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst      1666455                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst      1785487                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst      1547422                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst      1547422                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst      3094845                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst      1547422                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst      1666455                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst      3213877                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst      1785487                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst      3094845                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst      3213877                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total           36781039                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         143196085                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              143196085                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         143196085                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst      3094845                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data      8570339                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst      1547422                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     20354556                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst      3094845                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data      8570339                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst      1785487                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     43208794                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst      3094845                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data      8570339                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst      1666455                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     15593256                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst      1785487                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     43208794                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst      1547422                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     43327826                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst      1547422                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     56897530                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst      3094845                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data      8570339                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst      1547422                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     20473588                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst      1666455                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     15474224                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst      3213877                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     13569704                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst      1785487                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     43208794                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst      3094845                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data      8570339                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst      3213877                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     13569704                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              551715588                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles                2578746                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups         224754                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted       187033                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21837                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        84544                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits          79849                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS          23749                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          999                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1944254                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts              1232433                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches            224754                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches       103598                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles              256219                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles         61773                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles       166542                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.MiscStallCycles         3416                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           42                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines          122064                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes        20756                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples      2410204                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.629163                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.996740                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0        2153985     89.37%     89.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1          15616      0.65%     90.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2          19657      0.82%     90.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3          31421      1.30%     92.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4          12656      0.53%     92.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5          16816      0.70%     93.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6          19403      0.81%     94.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7           9104      0.38%     94.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8         131546      5.46%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total      2410204                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.087156                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.477920                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles        1936317                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles       179327                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles          254922                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles          118                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles        39514                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved        34134                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          218                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts      1505793                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         1275                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles        39514                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles        1938765                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles          5326                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles       168223                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles          252562                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles         5809                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts      1495587                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents            5                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents          686                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents         4087                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands      2089514                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups      6949969                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups      6949969                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps      1718824                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps         370662                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts          354                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts          184                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts           21248                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads       141676                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores        72398                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads          769                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores        16025                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded          1458923                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          356                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued         1388655                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1818                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       195582                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       416290                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           11                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2410204                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.576157                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.301711                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1823253     75.65%     75.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       266243     11.05%     86.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       110340      4.58%     91.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        61529      2.55%     93.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        82819      3.44%     97.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        25965      1.08%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        25442      1.06%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        13512      0.56%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1101      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2410204                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          9713     78.85%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1351     10.97%     89.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1254     10.18%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1169777     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        18827      1.36%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          170      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       127866      9.21%     94.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        72015      5.19%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total      1388655                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.538500                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt             12318                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008870                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5201650                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1654881                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1350849                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses      1400973                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          939                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        29968                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1491                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles        39514                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles          4036                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles          502                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1459281                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1118                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       141676                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        72398                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          184                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents          420                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12048                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12738                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts        24786                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1363605                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       125326                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        25050                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                   2                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs             197302                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches         192497                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores            71976                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.528786                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent              1350880                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count             1350849                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers          809025                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers         2172437                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.523839                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.372404                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1000005                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps      1232105                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts       227168                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          345                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts        21811                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2370690                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.519724                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.337080                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1848616     77.98%     77.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       264990     11.18%     89.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        95900      4.05%     93.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        47710      2.01%     95.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        43776      1.85%     97.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        18442      0.78%     97.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        18227      0.77%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8723      0.37%     98.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        24306      1.03%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2370690                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts      1000005                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps      1232105                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs               182615                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads              111708                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars               172                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches           178645                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts         1109201                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls        25420                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events        24306                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads            3805644                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes           2958077                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                 30919                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles                168542                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts           1000005                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps             1232105                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total      1000005                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.578733                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.578733                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.387787                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.387787                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads        6132080                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes       1889669                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads       1390866                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes          344                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles                2578746                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups         183811                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted       161601                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        16868                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       112544                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits         109739                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS          12081                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          568                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1882503                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts              1042495                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches            183811                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches       121820                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles              229873                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles         54735                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles        67285                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines          115962                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes        16405                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples      2217439                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.534035                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.796084                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0        1987566     89.63%     89.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1          32388      1.46%     91.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2          19069      0.86%     91.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3          31756      1.43%     93.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4          11924      0.54%     93.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5          29156      1.31%     95.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6           5093      0.23%     95.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7           9533      0.43%     95.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8          90954      4.10%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total      2217439                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.071279                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.404264                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles        1868137                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles        82343                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles          229249                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles          274                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles        37432                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved        19400                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          346                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts      1180070                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         1376                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles        37432                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles        1870065                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles         44756                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles        31995                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles          227412                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles         5775                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts      1177663                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents            2                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents         1015                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents         4104                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands      1560629                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups      5360079                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups      5360079                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps      1230611                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps         330014                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts          166                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts           82                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts           15468                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads       199014                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores        37209                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads          242                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores         8376                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded          1169359                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          164                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued         1082912                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1086                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       233319                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       494940                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2217439                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.488362                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.114806                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1746958     78.78%     78.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       153932      6.94%     85.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       147852      6.67%     92.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        88361      3.98%     96.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        50633      2.28%     98.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        13609      0.61%     99.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        15375      0.69%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          386      0.02%     99.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          333      0.02%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2217439                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2152     59.15%     59.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     59.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     59.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     59.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     59.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     59.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     59.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     59.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     59.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     59.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     59.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     59.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     59.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     59.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     59.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     59.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     59.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead          819     22.51%     81.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          667     18.33%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       857949     79.23%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         9262      0.86%     80.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     80.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     80.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     80.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     80.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     80.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     80.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     80.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     80.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           84      0.01%     80.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       178886     16.52%     96.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        36731      3.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total      1082912                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.419937                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3638                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003359                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4387987                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1402851                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1052217                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses      1086550                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1036                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        45665                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            4                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            9                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1325                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles        37432                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles         39293                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles          759                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1169523                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           71                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       199014                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        37209                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           82                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents          421                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           25                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            9                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         9909                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7994                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts        17903                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1066318                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       175583                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        16594                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs             212305                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches         160196                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores            36722                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.413503                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent              1052719                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count             1052217                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers          634114                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers         1439624                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.408034                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.440472                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts       818921                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps       933559                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts       236012                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          164                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts        16604                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2180007                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.428237                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.285325                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1825790     83.75%     83.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       143456      6.58%     90.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        87456      4.01%     94.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        28686      1.32%     95.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        44983      2.06%     97.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         9819      0.45%     98.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6396      0.29%     98.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5638      0.26%     98.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        27783      1.27%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2180007                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts       818921                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps       933559                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs               189233                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads              153349                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars                82                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches           142048                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts          819423                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls        12757                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events        27783                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads            3321795                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes           2376595                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                 43105                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles                361307                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts            818921                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps              933559                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total       818921                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     3.148956                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               3.148956                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.317566                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.317566                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads        4930836                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes       1386295                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads       1226960                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes          164                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles                2578746                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups         225781                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted       187888                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21928                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        84923                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits          80215                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS          23861                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1002                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1952697                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts              1237902                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches            225781                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches       104076                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles              257363                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles         62035                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles       151451                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.MiscStallCycles         3571                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           67                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines          122596                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes        20842                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples      2405050                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.633319                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.002624                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0        2147687     89.30%     89.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1          15673      0.65%     89.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2          19738      0.82%     90.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3          31571      1.31%     92.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4          12730      0.53%     92.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5          16898      0.70%     93.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6          19497      0.81%     94.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7           9138      0.38%     94.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8         132118      5.49%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total      2405050                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.087555                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.480040                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles        1944908                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles       164272                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles          256061                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles          119                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles        39684                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved        34288                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          218                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts      1512514                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         1275                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles        39684                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles        1947363                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles          5328                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles       153145                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles          253695                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles         5830                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts      1502268                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents            5                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents          685                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents         4107                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands      2098774                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups      6980943                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups      6980943                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps      1726361                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps         372366                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts          355                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts          185                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts           21322                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads       142309                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores        72705                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads          771                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores        16107                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded          1465366                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          357                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued         1394814                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1823                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       196394                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       417877                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           11                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2405050                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579952                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.305200                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1815545     75.49%     75.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       267384     11.12%     86.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       110818      4.61%     91.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        61750      2.57%     93.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        83232      3.46%     97.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        26095      1.09%     98.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        25543      1.06%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        13581      0.56%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1102      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2405050                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          9755     78.85%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1359     10.98%     89.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1258     10.17%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1174964     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        18928      1.36%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          170      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       128434      9.21%     94.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        72318      5.18%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total      1394814                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.540888                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt             12372                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008870                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5208873                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1662137                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1356827                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses      1407186                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          939                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        30093                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1495                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles        39684                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles          4037                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles          502                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1465725                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1126                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       142309                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        72705                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          185                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents          420                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12096                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12796                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts        24892                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1369640                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       125885                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        25174                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                   2                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs             198163                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches         193368                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores            72278                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.531126                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent              1356858                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count             1356827                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers          812586                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers         2181889                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.526158                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.372423                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1004373                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps      1237529                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts       228141                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          345                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts        21903                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2365366                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.523187                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.340822                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1840989     77.83%     77.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       266153     11.25%     89.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        96323      4.07%     93.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        47930      2.03%     95.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        43966      1.86%     97.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        18529      0.78%     97.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        18308      0.77%     98.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8761      0.37%     98.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        24407      1.03%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2365366                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts      1004373                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps      1237529                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs               183403                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads              112205                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars               172                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches           179452                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts         1114081                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls        25540                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events        24407                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads            3806616                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes           2971088                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                 31039                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles                173696                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts           1004373                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps             1237529                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total      1004373                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.567518                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.567518                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.389481                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.389481                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads        6159213                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes       1897961                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads       1397019                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes          344                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles                2578746                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups         170966                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted       154024                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        10788                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        65074                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits          59051                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS           9260                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          492                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1800202                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts              1072720                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches            170966                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches        68311                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles              211335                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles         34386                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles       309501                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines          105026                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes        10665                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples      2344389                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.537578                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.835434                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0        2133054     90.99%     90.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1           7370      0.31%     91.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2          15216      0.65%     91.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3           6301      0.27%     92.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4          34577      1.47%     93.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5          31221      1.33%     95.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6           5708      0.24%     95.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7          12610      0.54%     95.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8          98332      4.19%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total      2344389                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.066298                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.415985                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles        1783148                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles       326976                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles          210403                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles          713                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles        23143                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved        15006                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          208                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts      1257117                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         1261                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles        23143                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles        1786065                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles        285283                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles        33237                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles          208409                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles         8246                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts      1255210                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents            2                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents         3734                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents         2905                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.FullRegisterEvents           84                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands      1479715                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups      5906745                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups      5906745                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps      1273108                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps         206601                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts          151                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts           81                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts           21166                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads       294286                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores       147414                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1364                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores         7080                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded          1250568                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          151                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued         1189737                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          956                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       119421                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       293580                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           11                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2344389                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.507483                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.297558                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1917714     81.80%     81.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       129872      5.54%     87.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       105564      4.50%     91.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        45273      1.93%     93.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        57168      2.44%     96.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        54027      2.30%     98.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        30739      1.31%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2579      0.11%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1453      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2344389                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2962     11.20%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead        22784     86.19%     97.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          690      2.61%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       748187     62.89%     62.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        10314      0.87%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           70      0.01%     63.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       284374     23.90%     87.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       146792     12.34%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total      1189737                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.461363                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt             26436                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022220                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4751255                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1370194                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1177280                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses      1216173                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2023                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        15230                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           54                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1510                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          102                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles        23143                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles        279795                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2174                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1250719                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           25                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       294286                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       147414                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           81                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1378                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           10                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           54                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         5501                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6859                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts        12360                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1179815                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       283353                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         9922                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs             430119                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches         154116                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores           146766                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.457515                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent              1177390                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count             1177280                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers          637176                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers         1259302                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.456532                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.505976                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts       946878                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps      1112479                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts       138371                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          140                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts        10785                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2321246                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.479259                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.293038                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1915873     82.54%     82.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       149114      6.42%     88.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        69622      3.00%     91.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        68581      2.95%     94.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        18395      0.79%     95.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        78620      3.39%     99.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6171      0.27%     99.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4288      0.18%     99.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        10582      0.46%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2321246                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts       946878                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps      1112479                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs               424952                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads              279053                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars                70                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches           146757                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts          989263                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls        10712                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events        10582                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads            3561514                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes           2524864                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                 40126                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles                234357                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts            946878                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps             1112479                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total       946878                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.723419                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.723419                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.367185                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.367185                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads        5828486                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes       1370479                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads       1489780                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes          140                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles                2578746                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups         224873                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted       187135                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21848                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        84588                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits          79892                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS          23760                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          999                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1945168                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts              1233030                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches            224873                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches       103652                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles              256347                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles         61803                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles       165423                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.MiscStallCycles         3411                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           42                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines          122122                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes        20767                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples      2410141                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.629482                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.997185                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0        2153794     89.36%     89.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1          15624      0.65%     90.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2          19670      0.82%     90.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3          31437      1.30%     92.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4          12663      0.53%     92.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5          16826      0.70%     93.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6          19414      0.81%     94.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7           9105      0.38%     94.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8         131608      5.46%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total      2410141                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.087202                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.478151                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles        1937226                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles       178208                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles          255049                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles          119                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles        39533                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved        34151                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          218                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts      1506522                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         1275                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles        39533                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles        1939674                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles          5329                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles       167101                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles          252690                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles         5809                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts      1496316                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents            5                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents          685                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents         4088                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands      2090563                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups      6953345                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups      6953345                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps      1719728                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps         370835                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts          354                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts          184                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts           21248                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads       141744                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores        72424                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads          769                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores        16031                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded          1459638                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          356                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued         1389350                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1818                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       195661                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       416421                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           11                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2410141                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.576460                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.302002                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1822904     75.63%     75.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       266370     11.05%     86.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       110397      4.58%     91.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        61553      2.55%     93.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        82861      3.44%     97.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        25977      1.08%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        25456      1.06%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        13522      0.56%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1101      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2410141                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          9719     78.86%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1351     10.96%     89.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1254     10.18%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1170373     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        18835      1.36%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          170      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       127931      9.21%     94.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        72041      5.19%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total      1389350                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.538770                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt             12324                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008870                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5202983                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1655675                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1351525                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses      1401674                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          939                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        29977                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1491                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles        39533                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles          4036                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles          502                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1459996                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1118                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       141744                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        72424                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          184                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents          420                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12053                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12746                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts        24799                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1364287                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       125391                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        25063                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                   2                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs             197393                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches         192604                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores            72002                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.529051                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent              1351556                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count             1351525                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers          809442                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers         2173534                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.524102                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.372408                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1000511                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps      1232728                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts       227272                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          345                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts        21822                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2370608                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.520005                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.337398                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1848274     77.97%     77.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       265121     11.18%     89.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        95949      4.05%     93.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        47733      2.01%     95.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        43798      1.85%     97.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        18450      0.78%     97.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        18234      0.77%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8728      0.37%     98.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        24321      1.03%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2370608                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts      1000511                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps      1232728                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs               182700                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads              111767                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars               172                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches           178746                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts         1109749                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls        25431                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events        24321                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads            3806274                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes           2959538                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                 30931                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles                168605                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts           1000511                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps             1232728                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total      1000511                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.577429                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.577429                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.387984                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.387984                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads        6135137                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes       1890641                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads       1391530                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes          344                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles                2578419                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups         195537                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted       160275                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        20879                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        80632                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits          74336                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS          19734                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          924                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1869546                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts              1117433                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches            195537                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches        94070                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles              244370                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles         60378                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles       142028                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines          116965                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes        20858                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples      2294937                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.596133                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.941578                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0        2050567     89.35%     89.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1          25938      1.13%     90.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2          30151      1.31%     91.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3          16582      0.72%     92.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4          18766      0.82%     93.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5          10764      0.47%     93.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6           7458      0.32%     94.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7          19219      0.84%     94.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8         115492      5.03%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total      2294937                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.075836                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.433379                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles        1853605                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles       158518                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles          242040                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles         2115                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles        38655                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved        31658                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          338                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts      1363771                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         1823                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles        38655                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles        1857034                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles         14714                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles       134846                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles          240553                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles         9131                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts      1362045                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents            1                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents         1840                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents         4437                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands      1894200                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups      6338047                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups      6338047                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps      1584393                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps         309750                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts          340                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts          186                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts           26583                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads       130847                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores        69654                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1646                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores        15296                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded          1357515                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          340                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued         1273498                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1813                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       188398                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       440064                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           32                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2294937                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.554916                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.250054                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1760224     76.70%     76.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       214096      9.33%     86.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       115745      5.04%     91.07% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        79541      3.47%     94.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        70450      3.07%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        35935      1.57%     99.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         9038      0.39%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         5678      0.25%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4230      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2294937                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           330     11.36%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1303     44.85%     56.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1272     43.79%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1066851     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19789      1.55%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          154      0.01%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       117594      9.23%     94.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        69110      5.43%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total      1273498                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.493907                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2905                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002281                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4846651                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1546288                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1250147                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses      1276403                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3174                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        25980                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            7                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           35                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1839                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           77                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          191                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles        38655                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles         10255                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles          978                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1357858                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          753                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       130847                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        69654                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          186                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents          682                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           35                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11341                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12205                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts        23546                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1253071                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       110077                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        20427                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                   3                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs             179157                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches         174344                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores            69080                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.485984                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent              1250222                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count             1250147                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers          744108                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers         1951845                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.484850                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.381233                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts       929962                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps      1141115                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts       216675                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          308                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts        20835                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2256282                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.505750                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.322662                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1790354     79.35%     79.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       216138      9.58%     88.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        90548      4.01%     92.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        54146      2.40%     95.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        37475      1.66%     97.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        24460      1.08%     98.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        12981      0.58%     98.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10083      0.45%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        20097      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2256282                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts       929962                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps      1141115                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs               172640                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads              104850                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars               154                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches           163302                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts         1028829                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls        23243                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events        20097                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads            3593975                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes           2754318                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                 30673                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles                283482                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts            929962                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps             1141115                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total       929962                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.772607                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.772607                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.360671                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.360671                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads        5650052                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes       1737822                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads       1270172                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes          308                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles                2578746                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups         170909                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted       153945                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        10747                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        63556                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits          58960                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS           9216                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          494                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1799321                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts              1072540                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches            170909                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches        68176                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles              211228                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles         34361                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles       303212                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines          104930                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes        10626                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples      2337126                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.539134                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.838113                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0        2125898     90.96%     90.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1           7360      0.31%     91.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2          15234      0.65%     91.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3           6267      0.27%     92.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4          34476      1.48%     93.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5          31266      1.34%     95.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6           5639      0.24%     95.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7          12560      0.54%     95.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8          98426      4.21%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total      2337126                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.066276                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.415915                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles        1782072                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles       320879                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles          210279                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles          733                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles        23157                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved        15034                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          208                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts      1256878                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         1261                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles        23157                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles        1785032                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles        283437                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles        29114                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles          208298                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles         8082                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts      1254978                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents            2                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents         3547                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents         2918                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.FullRegisterEvents           84                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands      1479550                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups      5905354                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups      5905354                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps      1272930                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps         206608                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts          152                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts           82                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts           21303                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads       294240                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores       147436                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1333                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores         7085                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded          1250357                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          152                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued         1189400                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1011                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       119522                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       294198                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           12                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2337126                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.508916                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.299068                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1910787     81.76%     81.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       129530      5.54%     87.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       105228      4.50%     91.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        45732      1.96%     93.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        57257      2.45%     96.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        53858      2.30%     98.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        30699      1.31%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2574      0.11%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1461      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2337126                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2964     11.24%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead        22717     86.15%     97.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          689      2.61%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       747886     62.88%     62.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        10323      0.87%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           70      0.01%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       284348     23.91%     87.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       146773     12.34%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total      1189400                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.461232                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt             26370                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022171                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4743307                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1370085                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1177044                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses      1215770                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2006                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        15257                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           12                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           54                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1572                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          102                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles        23157                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles        278175                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2245                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1250509                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           11                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       294240                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       147436                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           82                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1418                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           12                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           54                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         5450                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6862                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts        12312                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1179576                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       283322                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         9824                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs             430067                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches         154121                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores           146745                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.457422                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent              1177152                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count             1177044                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers          637021                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers         1258526                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.456440                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.506164                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts       946711                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps      1112288                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts       138339                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          140                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts        10746                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2313969                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.480684                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.294648                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1908733     82.49%     82.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       149104      6.44%     88.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        69365      3.00%     91.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        68580      2.96%     94.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        18610      0.80%     95.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        78579      3.40%     99.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6157      0.27%     99.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4291      0.19%     99.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        10550      0.46%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2313969                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts       946711                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps      1112288                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs               424840                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads              278976                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars                70                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches           146733                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts          989096                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls        10712                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events        10550                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads            3554046                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes           2524434                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                 40050                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles                241620                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts            946711                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps             1112288                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total       946711                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.723900                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.723900                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.367121                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.367121                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads        5827135                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes       1370264                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads       1489549                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes          140                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles                2578746                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups         170781                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted       153855                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        10739                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        63705                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits          58830                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS           9185                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          484                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1796411                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts              1071357                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches            170781                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches        68015                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles              211073                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles         34310                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles       308729                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines          104779                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes        10595                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples      2339543                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.538126                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.836674                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0        2128470     90.98%     90.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1           7391      0.32%     91.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2          15206      0.65%     91.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3           6347      0.27%     92.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4          34439      1.47%     93.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5          31220      1.33%     95.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6           5524      0.24%     95.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7          12443      0.53%     95.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8          98503      4.21%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total      2339543                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.066226                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.415457                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles        1774707                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles       330865                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles          210099                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles          742                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles        23124                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved        14996                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          206                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts      1255767                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         1268                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles        23124                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles        1777907                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles        298087                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles        23593                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles          207968                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles         8858                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts      1253801                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents            3                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents         4124                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents         3135                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.FullRegisterEvents           87                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands      1478606                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups      5899374                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups      5899374                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps      1271205                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps         207389                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts          149                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts           79                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts           23165                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads       293549                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores       146957                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1296                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores         7086                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded          1248680                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          149                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued         1187308                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          971                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       119937                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       296801                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            9                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2339543                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.507496                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.295363                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1912467     81.75%     81.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       130517      5.58%     87.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       105278      4.50%     91.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        46196      1.97%     93.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        57575      2.46%     96.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        53287      2.28%     98.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        30133      1.29%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2606      0.11%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1484      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2339543                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2959     11.39%     11.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead        22328     85.94%     97.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          694      2.67%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       746955     62.91%     62.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        10298      0.87%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           70      0.01%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       283638     23.89%     87.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       146347     12.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total      1187308                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.460421                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt             25981                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.021882                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4741111                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1368817                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1174846                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses      1213289                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1967                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        15316                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           51                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1468                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          102                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles        23124                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles        291592                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2724                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1248829                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           13                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       293549                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       146957                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           79                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1655                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           51                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         5422                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6883                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts        12305                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1177453                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       282527                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         9855                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs             428847                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches         153795                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores           146320                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.456599                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent              1174950                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count             1174846                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers          635974                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers         1258564                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.455588                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.505317                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts       945061                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps      1110413                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts       138531                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          140                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts        10735                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2316419                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.479366                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.292850                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1911342     82.51%     82.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       149534      6.46%     88.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        69227      2.99%     91.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        68339      2.95%     94.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        19101      0.82%     95.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        77771      3.36%     99.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6179      0.27%     99.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4333      0.19%     99.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        10593      0.46%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2316419                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts       945061                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps      1110413                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs               423715                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads              278226                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars                70                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches           146508                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts          987446                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls        10712                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events        10593                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads            3554770                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes           2521032                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                 39672                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles                239203                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts            945061                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps             1110413                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total       945061                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.728656                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.728656                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.366481                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.366481                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads        5815571                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes       1367910                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads       1487063                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes          140                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles                2578746                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups         150351                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted       122711                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        16217                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        63018                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits          56745                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS          14872                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          721                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1451226                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts               887354                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches            150351                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches        71617                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles              181945                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles         50830                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles       164152                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines           90940                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes        16180                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples      1831361                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.589317                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.938880                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0        1649416     90.07%     90.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1           9580      0.52%     90.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2          15127      0.83%     91.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3          23039      1.26%     92.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4           9367      0.51%     93.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5          11250      0.61%     93.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6          11928      0.65%     94.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7           8217      0.45%     94.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8          93437      5.10%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total      1831361                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.058304                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.344103                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles        1432817                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles       183159                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles          180528                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles         1102                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles        33754                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved        24280                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          286                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts      1075597                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         1098                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles        33754                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles        1436672                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles         62483                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles       109307                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles          177833                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles        11309                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts      1072698                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents          411                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents         2041                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents         5820                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.FullRegisterEvents          740                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands      1468355                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups      4997773                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups      4997773                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps      1203748                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps         264533                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts          233                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts          124                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts           33619                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads       109004                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores        59895                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2963                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores        11431                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded          1068677                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          232                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued          995667                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1818                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       167016                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       386606                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           16                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      1831361                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.543676                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.232460                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1407119     76.83%     76.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       171912      9.39%     86.22% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        95449      5.21%     91.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        62435      3.41%     94.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        56882      3.11%     97.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        17511      0.96%     98.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        12751      0.70%     99.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         4453      0.24%     99.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2849      0.16%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      1831361                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           298     12.79%     12.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead          931     39.96%     52.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1101     47.25%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       820264     82.38%     82.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        18212      1.83%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          109      0.01%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        98536      9.90%     94.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        58546      5.88%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total       995667                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.386105                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2330                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002340                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      3826841                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1235989                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       976655                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses       997997                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         4716                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        23926                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           12                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           65                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         4264                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          789                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles        33754                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles         52855                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1270                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1068909                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          447                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       109004                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        59895                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          124                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents          708                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           49                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           65                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         8594                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        10123                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts        18717                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts       980513                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        93197                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        15152                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs             151622                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches         133147                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores            58425                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.380229                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent               976748                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count              976655                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers          578731                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers         1468547                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.378733                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.394084                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts       720769                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps       879050                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts       190529                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          216                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts        16458                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      1797607                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.489011                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.333324                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1441206     80.17%     80.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       169865      9.45%     89.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        70189      3.90%     93.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        36199      2.01%     95.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        26834      1.49%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        15535      0.86%     97.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         9537      0.53%     98.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         7959      0.44%     98.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        20283      1.13%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      1797607                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts       720769                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps       879050                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs               140683                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads               85063                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars               108                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches           122146                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts          794700                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls        17159                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events        20283                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads            2846903                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes           2172997                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                 26112                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles                747385                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts            720769                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps              879050                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total       720769                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     3.577770                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               3.577770                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.279504                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.279504                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads        4448912                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes       1335961                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads       1018422                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes          216                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles                2578746                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups         225826                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted       187924                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21931                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        84938                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits          80229                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS          23866                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1005                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1953295                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts              1238242                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches            225826                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches       104095                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles              257427                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles         62045                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles       150780                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.MiscStallCycles         3603                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           67                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines          122631                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes        20846                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples      2405079                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.633469                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.002847                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0        2147652     89.30%     89.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1          15681      0.65%     89.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2          19741      0.82%     90.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3          31579      1.31%     92.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4          12732      0.53%     92.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5          16899      0.70%     93.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6          19499      0.81%     94.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7           9141      0.38%     94.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8         132155      5.49%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total      2405079                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.087572                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.480172                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles        1945517                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles       163622                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles          256126                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles          118                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles        39690                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved        34296                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          218                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts      1512894                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         1275                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles        39690                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles        1947972                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles          5328                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles       152492                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles          253759                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles         5833                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts      1502653                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents            5                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents          685                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents         4108                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands      2099353                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups      6982712                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups      6982712                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps      1726960                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps         372393                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts          356                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts          186                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts           21331                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads       142341                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores        72720                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads          774                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores        16107                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded          1465743                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          360                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued         1395211                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1825                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       196411                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       417926                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           11                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2405079                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580110                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.305314                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1815373     75.48%     75.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       267504     11.12%     86.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       110841      4.61%     91.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        61778      2.57%     93.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        83247      3.46%     97.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        26100      1.09%     98.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        25552      1.06%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        13581      0.56%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1103      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2405079                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          9755     78.83%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1362     11.01%     89.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1258     10.17%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1175304     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        18929      1.36%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          170      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       128470      9.21%     94.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        72338      5.18%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total      1395211                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.541042                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt             12375                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008870                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5209701                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1662534                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1357222                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses      1407586                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          940                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        30100                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1495                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles        39690                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles          4036                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles          502                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1466105                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1126                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       142341                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        72720                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          186                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents          420                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12099                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12797                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts        24896                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1370033                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       125917                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        25178                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                   2                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs             198215                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches         193412                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores            72298                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.531279                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent              1357253                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count             1357222                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers          812836                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers         2182498                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.526311                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.372434                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1004747                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps      1237942                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts       228167                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          349                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts        21907                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2365389                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.523357                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.340986                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1840826     77.82%     77.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       266260     11.26%     89.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        96342      4.07%     93.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        47948      2.03%     95.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        43988      1.86%     97.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        18532      0.78%     97.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        18320      0.77%     98.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8762      0.37%     98.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        24411      1.03%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2365389                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts      1004747                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps      1237942                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs               183466                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads              112241                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars               174                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches           179496                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts         1114459                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls        25545                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events        24411                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads            3807074                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes           2971913                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                 31051                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles                173667                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts           1004747                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps             1237942                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total      1004747                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.566563                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.566563                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.389626                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.389626                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads        6161021                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes       1898545                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads       1397416                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes          348                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles                2578746                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups         184204                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted       162022                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        16865                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       112961                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits         109879                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS          12038                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          533                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1886987                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts              1045109                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches            184204                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches       121917                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles              230390                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles         54768                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles        64400                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines          116149                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes        16405                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples      2219591                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.535080                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.798052                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0        1989201     89.62%     89.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1          32354      1.46%     91.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2          19242      0.87%     91.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3          31715      1.43%     93.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4          11913      0.54%     93.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5          29093      1.31%     95.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6           5217      0.24%     95.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7           9592      0.43%     95.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8          91264      4.11%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total      2219591                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.071432                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.405278                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles        1872386                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles        79683                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles          229775                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles          280                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles        37463                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved        19415                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          351                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts      1183547                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         1393                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles        37463                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles        1874370                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles         52271                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles        21771                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles          227880                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles         5832                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts      1181068                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents            7                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents         1008                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents         4130                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands      1565648                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups      5376712                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups      5376712                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps      1234268                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps         331278                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts          167                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts           83                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts           15646                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads       199130                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores        37319                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads          353                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores         8420                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded          1172577                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          165                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued         1086122                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1194                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       233907                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       495811                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2219591                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.489334                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.116162                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1747878     78.75%     78.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       154522      6.96%     85.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       147874      6.66%     92.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        88590      3.99%     96.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        50782      2.29%     98.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        13743      0.62%     99.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        15496      0.70%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          385      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          321      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2219591                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2182     59.47%     59.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     59.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     59.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     59.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     59.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     59.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     59.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     59.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     59.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     59.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     59.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     59.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     59.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     59.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     59.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     59.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     59.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead          820     22.35%     81.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          667     18.18%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       860793     79.25%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         9259      0.85%     80.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     80.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     80.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     80.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     80.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     80.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     80.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     80.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     80.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           84      0.01%     80.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       179115     16.49%     96.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        36871      3.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total      1086122                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.421182                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3669                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003378                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4396698                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1406659                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1055143                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses      1089791                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1026                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        45497                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            3                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           10                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1265                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles        37463                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles         46593                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles          753                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1172742                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           57                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       199130                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        37319                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           83                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents          422                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           23                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           10                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         9927                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7961                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts        17888                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1069151                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       175627                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        16971                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs             212487                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches         160361                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores            36860                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.414601                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent              1055562                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count             1055143                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers          635639                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers         1446136                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.409169                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.439543                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts       821041                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps       936212                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts       236459                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          164                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts        16597                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2182128                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.429036                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.286209                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1826876     83.72%     83.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       143905      6.59%     90.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        87544      4.01%     94.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        28956      1.33%     95.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        45109      2.07%     97.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         9824      0.45%     98.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6432      0.29%     98.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5653      0.26%     98.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        27829      1.28%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2182128                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts       821041                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps       936212                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs               189631                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads              153603                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars                82                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches           142439                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts          821833                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls        12823                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events        27829                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads            3326970                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes           2382942                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                 42959                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles                359155                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts            821041                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps              936212                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total       821041                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     3.140825                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               3.140825                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.318388                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.318388                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads        4944057                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes       1390624                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads       1229789                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes          164                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles                2578746                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups         195193                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted       160002                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        20858                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        80513                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits          74228                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS          19699                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          921                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1866364                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts              1115497                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches            195193                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches        93927                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles              243984                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles         60216                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles       143902                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines          116720                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes        20789                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples      2293149                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.595617                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.940832                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0        2049165     89.36%     89.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1          25908      1.13%     90.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2          30116      1.31%     91.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3          16555      0.72%     92.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4          18747      0.82%     93.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5          10744      0.47%     93.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6           7402      0.32%     94.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7          19183      0.84%     94.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8         115329      5.03%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total      2293149                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.075693                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.432573                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles        1850597                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles       160218                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles          241658                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles         2111                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles        38561                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved        31604                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          338                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts      1361522                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         1823                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles        38561                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles        1854023                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles         14420                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles       136912                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles          240218                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles         9011                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts      1359794                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents            1                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents         1832                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents         4373                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands      1891491                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups      6328186                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups      6328186                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps      1582695                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps         308796                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts          340                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts          186                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts           26251                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads       130569                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores        69551                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1640                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores        15280                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded          1355538                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          340                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued         1271879                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1803                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       187814                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       438473                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           32                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2293149                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.554643                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.249802                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1759094     76.71%     76.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       213829      9.32%     86.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       115621      5.04%     91.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        79501      3.47%     94.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        70280      3.06%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        35894      1.57%     99.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         9024      0.39%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         5677      0.25%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4229      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2293149                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           330     11.36%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1303     44.87%     56.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1271     43.77%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1065515     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19784      1.56%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          154      0.01%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       117394      9.23%     94.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        69032      5.43%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total      1271879                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.493216                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2904                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002283                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4841614                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1543727                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1248605                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses      1274783                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3177                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        25854                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            7                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           35                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1832                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           77                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          142                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles        38561                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles         10112                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles          973                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1355880                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          573                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       130569                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        69551                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          186                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents          677                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           35                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11326                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12198                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts        23524                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1251469                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       109880                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        20410                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                   2                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs             178882                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches         174116                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores            69002                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.485301                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent              1248680                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count             1248605                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers          743297                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers         1949828                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.484191                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.381212                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts       928963                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps      1139836                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts       216055                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          308                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts        20815                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2254588                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.505563                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.322523                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1789239     79.36%     79.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       215834      9.57%     88.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        90440      4.01%     92.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        54090      2.40%     95.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        37423      1.66%     97.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        24440      1.08%     98.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        12972      0.58%     98.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10072      0.45%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        20078      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2254588                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts       928963                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps      1139836                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs               172434                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads              104715                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars               154                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches           163090                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts         1027670                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls        23205                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events        20078                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads            3590401                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes           2750346                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                 30577                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles                285597                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts            928963                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps             1139836                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total       928963                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.775940                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.775940                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.360238                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.360238                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads        5643128                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes       1735850                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads       1268045                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes          308                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles                2578746                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups         201320                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted       164621                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21446                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        80657                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits          76750                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS          20295                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          959                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1932451                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts              1126164                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches            201320                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches        97045                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles              233524                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles         59203                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles        90542                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           24                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines          119794                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21320                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples      2294032                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.602715                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.944363                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0        2060508     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1          10837      0.47%     90.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2          16736      0.73%     91.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3          22773      0.99%     92.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4          23959      1.04%     93.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5          20362      0.89%     93.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6          10652      0.46%     94.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7          17179      0.75%     95.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8         111026      4.84%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total      2294032                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.078069                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.436710                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles        1912833                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles       110600                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles          232958                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles          354                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles        37283                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved        33044                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          208                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts      1379486                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         1270                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles        37283                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles        1918415                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles         17708                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles        80444                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles          227732                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles        12446                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts      1378368                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents            5                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents         1772                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents         5381                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands      1924876                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups      6406194                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups      6406194                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps      1639491                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps         285385                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts          331                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts          170                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts           38917                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads       129511                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores        69035                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads          827                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores        31981                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded          1375874                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          332                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued         1297999                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          288                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       167668                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       405547                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            7                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2294032                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.565816                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.251066                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1732769     75.53%     75.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       240185     10.47%     86.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       119831      5.22%     91.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        81441      3.55%     94.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        64612      2.82%     97.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        27197      1.19%     98.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17832      0.78%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         8916      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1249      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2294032                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           278     11.99%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead          857     36.97%     48.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1183     51.04%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1092538     84.17%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19246      1.48%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          161      0.01%     85.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       117294      9.04%     94.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        68760      5.30%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total      1297999                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.503345                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2318                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001786                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4892636                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1543890                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1276396                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses      1300317                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2770                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        22974                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            4                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           17                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1281                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles        37283                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles         14783                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1142                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1376213                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            9                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       129511                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        69035                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          170                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents          955                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           17                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11574                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12719                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts        24293                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1278499                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       110482                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        19500                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs             179227                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches         181395                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores            68745                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.495783                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent              1276463                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count             1276396                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers          733758                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers         1976070                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.494968                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.371322                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts       955544                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps      1175792                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts       200426                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          325                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts        21491                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2256749                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.521011                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.347601                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1763434     78.14%     78.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       249903     11.07%     89.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        89250      3.95%     93.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        42727      1.89%     95.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        42960      1.90%     96.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        21328      0.95%     97.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        14113      0.63%     98.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8222      0.36%     98.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        24812      1.10%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2256749                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts       955544                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps      1175792                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs               174291                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads              106537                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars               162                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches           169541                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts         1059374                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls        24208                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events        24812                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads            3608142                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes           2789724                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                 31134                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles                284714                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts            955544                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps             1175792                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total       955544                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.698720                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.698720                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.370546                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.370546                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads        5750765                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes       1780308                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads       1278722                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes          324                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles                2578746                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups         171192                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted       154303                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        10699                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        67063                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits          59233                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS           9236                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          499                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1802513                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts              1075753                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches            171192                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches        68469                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles              212070                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles         34156                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles       288388                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines          105093                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes        10560                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples      2326185                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.543508                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.844912                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0        2114115     90.88%     90.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1           7571      0.33%     91.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2          15197      0.65%     91.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3           6393      0.27%     92.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4          34599      1.49%     93.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5          31322      1.35%     94.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6           5671      0.24%     95.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7          12412      0.53%     95.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8          98905      4.25%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total      2326185                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.066386                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.417161                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles        1780425                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles       310913                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles          211098                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles          737                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles        23006                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved        14964                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          208                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts      1261046                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         1261                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles        23006                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles        1783600                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles        280369                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles        21039                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles          208969                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles         9196                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts      1258896                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents            5                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents         4472                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents         3165                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.FullRegisterEvents          133                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands      1482728                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups      5925581                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups      5925581                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps      1276292                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps         206332                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts          148                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts           78                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts           23313                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads       295853                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores       148174                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1392                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores         7079                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded          1253861                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          148                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued         1192529                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          985                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       120087                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       296541                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            8                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2326185                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.512654                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.300766                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1896955     81.55%     81.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       131448      5.65%     87.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       105953      4.55%     91.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        46154      1.98%     93.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        57572      2.47%     96.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        53693      2.31%     98.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        30340      1.30%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2640      0.11%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1430      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2326185                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2970     11.31%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead        22568     85.98%     97.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          711      2.71%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       748976     62.81%     62.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        10316      0.87%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           70      0.01%     63.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       285697     23.96%     87.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       147470     12.37%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total      1192529                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.462445                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt             26249                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022011                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4738477                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1374147                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1180185                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses      1218778                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2043                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        15509                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           51                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1613                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          105                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles        23006                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles        273467                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2500                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1254009                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           20                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       295853                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       148174                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           78                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1449                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           10                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           51                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         5474                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6765                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts        12239                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1182760                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       284628                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         9769                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs             432054                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches         154376                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores           147426                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.458657                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent              1180283                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count             1180185                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers          638733                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers         1263845                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.457658                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.505389                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts       949886                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps      1115883                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts       138158                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          140                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts        10695                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2303179                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.484497                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.299479                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1896254     82.33%     82.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       150233      6.52%     88.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        69708      3.03%     91.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        68509      2.97%     94.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        18792      0.82%     95.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        78374      3.40%     99.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6246      0.27%     99.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4311      0.19%     99.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        10752      0.47%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2303179                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts       949886                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps      1115883                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs               426897                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads              280336                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars                70                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches           147140                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts          992290                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls        10715                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events        10752                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads            3546468                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes           2531176                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                 39956                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles                252561                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts            949886                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps             1115883                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total       949886                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.714795                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.714795                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.368352                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.368352                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads        5844959                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes       1372591                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads       1494696                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes          140                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles                2578742                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups         224367                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted       186742                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21806                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        84382                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits          79690                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS          23700                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          996                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1940561                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts              1230485                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches            224367                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches       103390                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles              255783                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles         61691                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles       167886                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.MiscStallCycles         6483                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           42                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines          121842                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes        20725                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples      2410435                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.628083                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.995250                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0        2154652     89.39%     89.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1          15583      0.65%     90.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2          19618      0.81%     90.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3          31372      1.30%     92.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4          12632      0.52%     92.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5          16777      0.70%     93.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6          19362      0.80%     94.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7           9079      0.38%     94.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8         131360      5.45%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total      2410435                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.087006                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.477165                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles        1935708                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles       180654                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles          254486                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles          118                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles        39463                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved        34056                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          218                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts      1503335                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         1275                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles        39463                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles        1938155                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles          5326                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles       169552                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles          252127                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles         5807                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts      1493129                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents            5                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents          686                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents         4087                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands      2086294                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups      6938559                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups      6938559                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps      1716068                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps         370226                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts          353                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts          184                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts           21238                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads       141415                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores        72241                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads          767                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores        16004                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded          1456519                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          356                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued         1386322                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1815                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       195336                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       415806                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           11                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2410435                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.575134                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.300833                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1824501     75.69%     75.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       265781     11.03%     86.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       110137      4.57%     91.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        61406      2.55%     93.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        82686      3.43%     97.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        25931      1.08%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        25400      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        13494      0.56%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1099      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2410435                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          9699     78.87%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1348     10.96%     89.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1250     10.17%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1167864     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        18811      1.36%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          169      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       127620      9.21%     94.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        71858      5.18%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total      1386322                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.537596                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt             12297                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008870                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5197191                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1652231                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1348569                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses      1398619                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          937                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        29925                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1487                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles        39463                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles          4036                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles          502                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1456877                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1118                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       141415                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        72241                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          184                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents          420                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12031                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12722                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts        24753                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1361300                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       125083                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        25022                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                   2                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs             196902                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches         192147                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores            71819                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.527893                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent              1348600                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count             1348569                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers          807747                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers         2168956                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.522956                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.372413                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts       998346                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps      1229999                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts       226882                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          345                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts        21780                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2370972                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.518774                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.336063                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1849800     78.02%     78.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       264539     11.16%     89.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        95730      4.04%     93.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        47613      2.01%     95.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        43700      1.84%     97.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        18410      0.78%     97.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        18208      0.77%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8713      0.37%     98.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        24259      1.02%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2370972                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts       998346                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps      1229999                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs               182244                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads              111490                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars               172                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches           178324                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts         1107290                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls        25365                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events        24259                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads            3803581                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes           2953230                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                 30859                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles                168307                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts            998346                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps             1229999                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total       998346                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.583014                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.583014                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.387145                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.387145                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads        6121733                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes       1886704                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads       1388582                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes          344                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles                2578746                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups         200311                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted       163798                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21345                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        80236                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits          76334                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS          20192                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          956                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1922767                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts              1120717                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches            200311                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches        96526                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles              232373                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles         58938                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles        98430                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.MiscStallCycles          657                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           24                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           40                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines          119202                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21218                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples      2291619                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.600403                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.941061                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0        2059246     89.86%     89.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1          10790      0.47%     90.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2          16658      0.73%     91.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3          22661      0.99%     92.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4          23822      1.04%     93.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5          20262      0.88%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6          10575      0.46%     94.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7          17082      0.75%     95.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8         110523      4.82%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total      2291619                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.077678                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.434598                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles        1903911                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles       118421                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles          231808                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles          355                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles        37120                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved        32877                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          208                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts      1372741                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         1270                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles        37120                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles        1909458                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles         18638                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles        87402                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles          226616                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles        12381                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts      1371626                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents            5                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents         1775                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents         5347                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands      1915606                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups      6374795                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups      6374795                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps      1631464                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps         284133                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts          330                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts          170                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts           38721                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads       128870                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores        68676                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads          823                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores        31805                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded          1369137                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          332                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued         1291567                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          286                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       166911                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       403964                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            7                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2291619                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.563605                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.249081                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1733096     75.63%     75.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       239040     10.43%     86.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       119243      5.20%     91.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        81045      3.54%     94.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        64288      2.81%     97.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        27048      1.18%     98.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17745      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         8868      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1246      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2291619                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           278     12.03%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead          856     37.04%     49.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1177     50.93%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1087152     84.17%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19158      1.48%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          160      0.01%     85.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       116697      9.04%     94.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        68400      5.30%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total      1291567                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.500851                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2311                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001789                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4877349                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1536395                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1270054                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses      1293878                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2763                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        22883                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            4                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           16                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1277                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles        37120                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles         15705                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1149                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1369476                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            1                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       128870                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        68676                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          170                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents          963                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           16                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11525                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12657                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts        24182                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1272156                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       109920                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        19410                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs             178305                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches         180478                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores            68385                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.493323                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent              1270122                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count             1270054                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers          730180                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers         1966283                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.492508                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.371350                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts       950844                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps      1169924                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts       199548                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          325                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts        21390                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2254499                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.518929                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.345272                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1763607     78.23%     78.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       248701     11.03%     89.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        88814      3.94%     93.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        42502      1.89%     95.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        42752      1.90%     96.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        21215      0.94%     97.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        14037      0.62%     98.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8184      0.36%     98.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        24687      1.10%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2254499                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts       950844                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps      1169924                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs               173380                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads              105981                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars               162                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches           168675                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts         1054087                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls        24078                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events        24687                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads            3599271                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes           2776078                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                 30989                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles                287127                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts            950844                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps             1169924                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total       950844                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.712060                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.712060                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.368723                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.368723                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads        5722171                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes       1771614                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads       1272487                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes          324                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l200.replacements                           98                       # number of replacements
system.l200.tagsinuse                     2046.880725                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l200.total_refs                         132009                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.sampled_refs                         2145                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.avg_refs                        61.542657                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l200.occ_blocks::writebacks          41.880725                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    16.741531                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data    38.134612                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::cpu00.data        1950.123857                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_percent::writebacks          0.020450                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.008175                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.018620                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::cpu00.data          0.952209                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::total               0.999453                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          268                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::total                   270                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::writebacks             79                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::total                  79                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data          271                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::total                    273                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data          271                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::total                   273                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           72                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::total                  98                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data           72                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::total                   98                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data           72                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::total                  98                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     79997474                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     73279811                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     153277285                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     79997474                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     73279811                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::total      153277285                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     79997474                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     73279811                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::total     153277285                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          340                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::total               368                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           79                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::total              79                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          343                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::total                371                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          343                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::total               371                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.211765                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.266304                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.209913                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::total          0.264151                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.209913                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::total         0.264151                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 3076825.923077                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 1017775.152778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1564053.928571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 3076825.923077                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 1017775.152778                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1564053.928571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 3076825.923077                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 1017775.152778                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1564053.928571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l200.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l200.writebacks::writebacks                 51                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.writebacks::total                      51                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data           72                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total             98                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data           72                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::total              98                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data           72                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::total             98                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     77714674                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     66957564                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    144672238                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     77714674                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     66957564                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    144672238                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     77714674                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     66957564                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    144672238                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.211765                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.266304                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.209913                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.264151                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.209913                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.264151                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2989025.923077                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 929966.166667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1476247.326531                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2989025.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 929966.166667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1476247.326531                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2989025.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 929966.166667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1476247.326531                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l201.replacements                          184                       # number of replacements
system.l201.tagsinuse                     2047.972799                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l201.total_refs                          51303                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.sampled_refs                         2232                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.avg_refs                        22.985215                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l201.occ_blocks::writebacks          33.972799                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    12.258496                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data    97.838534                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::cpu01.data        1903.902971                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_percent::writebacks          0.016588                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.005986                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.047773                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::cpu01.data          0.929640                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::total               0.999987                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          285                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::total                   285                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::writebacks             45                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::total                  45                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data          285                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::total                    285                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data          285                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::total                   285                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          171                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::total                 184                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data          171                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::total                  184                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data          171                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::total                 184                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     11903574                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    132440896                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     144344470                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     11903574                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    132440896                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::total      144344470                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     11903574                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    132440896                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::total     144344470                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          456                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::total               469                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           45                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::total              45                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          456                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::total                469                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          456                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::total               469                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.375000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.392324                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.375000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::total          0.392324                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.375000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::total         0.392324                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 915659.538462                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 774508.163743                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 784480.815217                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 915659.538462                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 774508.163743                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 784480.815217                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 915659.538462                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 774508.163743                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 784480.815217                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l201.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l201.writebacks::writebacks                 26                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.writebacks::total                      26                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          171                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            184                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          171                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::total             184                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          171                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::total            184                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     10762174                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    117424046                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    128186220                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     10762174                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    117424046                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    128186220                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     10762174                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    117424046                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    128186220                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.375000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.392324                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.375000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.392324                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.375000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.392324                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 827859.538462                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 686690.327485                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 696664.239130                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 827859.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 686690.327485                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 696664.239130                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 827859.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 686690.327485                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 696664.239130                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l202.replacements                           98                       # number of replacements
system.l202.tagsinuse                     2046.883256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l202.total_refs                         132011                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.sampled_refs                         2145                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.avg_refs                        61.543590                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l202.occ_blocks::writebacks          41.883256                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    16.750321                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data    38.204231                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::cpu02.data        1950.045448                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_percent::writebacks          0.020451                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.008179                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.018654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::cpu02.data          0.952171                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::total               0.999455                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          270                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::total                   272                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::writebacks             79                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::total                  79                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data          273                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::total                    275                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data          273                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::total                   275                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data           72                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::total                  98                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data           72                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::total                   98                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data           72                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::total                  98                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     92916708                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     65657852                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     158574560                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     92916708                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     65657852                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::total      158574560                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     92916708                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     65657852                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::total     158574560                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          342                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::total               370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           79                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::total              79                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          345                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::total                373                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          345                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::total               373                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.210526                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.264865                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.208696                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::total          0.262735                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.208696                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::total         0.262735                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 3573719.538462                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 911914.611111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1618107.755102                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 3573719.538462                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 911914.611111                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1618107.755102                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 3573719.538462                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 911914.611111                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1618107.755102                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l202.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l202.writebacks::writebacks                 51                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.writebacks::total                      51                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data           72                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total             98                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data           72                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::total              98                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data           72                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::total             98                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     90633908                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     59336252                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    149970160                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     90633908                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     59336252                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    149970160                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     90633908                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     59336252                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    149970160                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.210526                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.264865                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.208696                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.262735                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.208696                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.262735                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 3485919.538462                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 824114.611111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1530307.755102                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 3485919.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 824114.611111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1530307.755102                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 3485919.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 824114.611111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1530307.755102                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l203.replacements                          378                       # number of replacements
system.l203.tagsinuse                            2048                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l203.total_refs                         113266                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.sampled_refs                         2426                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.avg_refs                        46.688376                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l203.occ_blocks::writebacks           5.589021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    14.356890                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   175.830046                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::cpu03.data        1852.224043                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002729                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.007010                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.085855                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::cpu03.data          0.904406                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::total                      1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          344                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::total                   344                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::writebacks            112                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::total                 112                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data          344                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::total                    344                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data          344                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::total                   344                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          363                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::total                 378                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data          363                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::total                  378                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           15                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data          363                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::total                 378                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     16421123                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    346119801                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     362540924                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     16421123                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    346119801                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::total      362540924                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     16421123                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    346119801                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::total     362540924                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          707                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::total               722                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          112                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::total             112                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          707                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::total                722                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           15                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          707                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::total               722                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.513437                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.523546                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.513437                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::total          0.523546                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.513437                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::total         0.523546                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1094741.533333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 953498.074380                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 959102.973545                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1094741.533333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 953498.074380                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 959102.973545                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1094741.533333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 953498.074380                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 959102.973545                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l203.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l203.writebacks::writebacks                 77                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.writebacks::total                      77                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          363                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            378                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          363                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::total             378                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          363                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::total            378                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     15103288                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    314243283                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    329346571                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     15103288                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    314243283                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    329346571                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     15103288                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    314243283                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    329346571                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.513437                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.523546                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.513437                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.523546                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.513437                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.523546                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1006885.866667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 865683.975207                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 871287.224868                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1006885.866667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 865683.975207                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 871287.224868                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1006885.866667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 865683.975207                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 871287.224868                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l204.replacements                           98                       # number of replacements
system.l204.tagsinuse                     2046.880952                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l204.total_refs                         132009                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.sampled_refs                         2145                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.avg_refs                        61.542657                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l204.occ_blocks::writebacks          41.880952                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    16.743889                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data    38.168655                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::cpu04.data        1950.087456                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_percent::writebacks          0.020450                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.008176                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.018637                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::cpu04.data          0.952191                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::total               0.999454                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          268                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::total                   270                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::writebacks             79                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::total                  79                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data          271                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::total                    273                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data          271                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::total                   273                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data           72                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::total                  98                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data           72                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::total                   98                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data           72                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::total                  98                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     84518973                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     72347422                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     156866395                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     84518973                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     72347422                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::total      156866395                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     84518973                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     72347422                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::total     156866395                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          340                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::total               368                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           79                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::total              79                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          343                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::total                371                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          343                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::total               371                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.211765                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.266304                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.209913                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::total          0.264151                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.209913                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::total         0.264151                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 3250729.730769                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 1004825.305556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1600677.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 3250729.730769                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 1004825.305556                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1600677.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 3250729.730769                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 1004825.305556                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1600677.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l204.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l204.writebacks::writebacks                 51                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.writebacks::total                      51                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data           72                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total             98                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data           72                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::total              98                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data           72                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::total             98                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     82236173                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     66025822                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    148261995                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     82236173                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     66025822                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    148261995                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     82236173                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     66025822                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    148261995                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.211765                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.266304                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.209913                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.264151                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.209913                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.264151                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 3162929.730769                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 917025.305556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1512877.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 3162929.730769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 917025.305556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1512877.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 3162929.730769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 917025.305556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1512877.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l205.replacements                          145                       # number of replacements
system.l205.tagsinuse                     2047.055981                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l205.total_refs                         135153                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.sampled_refs                         2193                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.avg_refs                        61.629275                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l205.occ_blocks::writebacks          97.238355                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    13.733352                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data    71.790826                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::cpu05.data        1864.293447                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_percent::writebacks          0.047480                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.006706                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.035054                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::cpu05.data          0.910300                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::total               0.999539                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          328                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::total                   328                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::writebacks            170                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::total                 170                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data          328                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::total                    328                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data          328                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::total                   328                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          132                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::total                 146                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_misses::total                 1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data          133                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::total                  147                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data          133                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::total                 147                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     17811489                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    105038384                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     122849873                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      1093673                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      1093673                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     17811489                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    106132057                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::total      123943546                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     17811489                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    106132057                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::total     123943546                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          460                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::total               474                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          170                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::total             170                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::total               1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          461                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::total                475                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          461                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::total               475                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.286957                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.308017                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.288503                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::total          0.309474                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.288503                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::total         0.309474                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1272249.214286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 795745.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 841437.486301                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      1093673                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total      1093673                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1272249.214286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 797985.390977                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 843153.374150                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1272249.214286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 797985.390977                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 843153.374150                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l205.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l205.writebacks::writebacks                 93                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.writebacks::total                      93                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          132                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            146                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          133                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::total             147                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          133                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::total            147                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     16582289                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     93624384                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    110206673                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      1005873                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1005873                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     16582289                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     94630257                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    111212546                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     16582289                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     94630257                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    111212546                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.286957                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.308017                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.288503                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.309474                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.288503                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.309474                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1184449.214286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 709275.636364                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 754840.226027                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      1005873                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1005873                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1184449.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 711505.691729                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 756547.931973                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1184449.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 711505.691729                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 756547.931973                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l206.replacements                          378                       # number of replacements
system.l206.tagsinuse                            2048                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l206.total_refs                         113266                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.sampled_refs                         2426                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.avg_refs                        46.688376                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l206.occ_blocks::writebacks           5.587342                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    14.356268                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   176.487345                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::cpu06.data        1851.569044                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002728                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.007010                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.086175                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::cpu06.data          0.904086                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::total                      1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          344                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::total                   344                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::writebacks            112                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::total                 112                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data          344                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::total                    344                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data          344                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::total                   344                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          363                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::total                 378                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data          363                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::total                  378                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           15                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data          363                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::total                 378                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     15387867                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    343598543                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     358986410                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     15387867                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    343598543                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::total      358986410                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     15387867                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    343598543                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::total     358986410                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          707                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::total               722                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          112                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::total             112                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          707                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::total                722                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           15                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          707                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::total               722                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.513437                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.523546                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.513437                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::total          0.523546                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.513437                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::total         0.523546                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1025857.800000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 946552.460055                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 949699.497354                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1025857.800000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 946552.460055                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 949699.497354                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1025857.800000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 946552.460055                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 949699.497354                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l206.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l206.writebacks::writebacks                 77                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.writebacks::total                      77                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          363                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            378                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          363                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::total             378                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          363                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::total            378                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     14069966                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    311719113                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    325789079                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     14069966                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    311719113                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    325789079                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     14069966                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    311719113                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    325789079                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.513437                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.523546                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.513437                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.523546                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.513437                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.523546                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 937997.733333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 858730.338843                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 861875.870370                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 937997.733333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 858730.338843                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 861875.870370                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 937997.733333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 858730.338843                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 861875.870370                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l207.replacements                          377                       # number of replacements
system.l207.tagsinuse                            2048                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l207.total_refs                         113267                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.sampled_refs                         2425                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.avg_refs                        46.708041                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l207.occ_blocks::writebacks           5.584427                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    12.546378                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   176.578764                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::cpu07.data        1853.290431                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002727                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.006126                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.086220                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::cpu07.data          0.904927                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::total                      1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          345                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::total                   345                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::writebacks            112                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::total                 112                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data          345                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::total                    345                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data          345                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::total                   345                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          364                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::total                 377                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data          364                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::total                  377                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data          364                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::total                 377                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     12405812                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    356603699                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     369009511                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     12405812                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    356603699                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::total      369009511                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     12405812                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    356603699                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::total     369009511                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          709                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::total               722                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          112                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::total             112                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          709                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::total                722                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          709                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::total               722                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.513399                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.522161                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.513399                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::total          0.522161                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.513399                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::total         0.522161                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 954293.230769                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 979680.491758                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 978805.068966                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 954293.230769                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 979680.491758                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 978805.068966                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 954293.230769                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 979680.491758                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 978805.068966                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l207.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l207.writebacks::writebacks                 77                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.writebacks::total                      77                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          364                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            377                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          364                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::total             377                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          364                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::total            377                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     11264412                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    324640234                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    335904646                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     11264412                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    324640234                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    335904646                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     11264412                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    324640234                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    335904646                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.513399                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.522161                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.513399                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.522161                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.513399                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.522161                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 866493.230769                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 891868.774725                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 890993.755968                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 866493.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 891868.774725                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 890993.755968                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 866493.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 891868.774725                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 890993.755968                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l208.replacements                          495                       # number of replacements
system.l208.tagsinuse                     2045.120085                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l208.total_refs                          86601                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.sampled_refs                         2540                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.avg_refs                        34.094882                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l208.occ_blocks::writebacks         113.457151                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    12.301903                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   216.376054                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::cpu08.data        1702.984978                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_percent::writebacks          0.055399                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.006007                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.105652                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::cpu08.data          0.831536                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::total               0.998594                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          308                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::total                   308                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::writebacks            351                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::total                 351                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data          308                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::total                    308                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data          308                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::total                   308                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          438                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::total                 451                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data           40                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_misses::total                40                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data          478                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::total                  491                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data          478                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::total                 491                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     11779187                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    446871063                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     458650250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     45184571                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     45184571                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     11779187                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    492055634                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::total      503834821                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     11779187                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    492055634                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::total     503834821                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          746                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::total               759                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          351                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::total             351                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data           40                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::total              40                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          786                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::total                799                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          786                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::total               799                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.587131                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.594203                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.608142                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::total          0.614518                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.608142                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::total         0.614518                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 906091.307692                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 1020253.568493                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1016962.860310                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 1129614.275000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1129614.275000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 906091.307692                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 1029405.092050                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1026140.164969                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 906091.307692                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 1029405.092050                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1026140.164969                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l208.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l208.writebacks::writebacks                266                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.writebacks::total                     266                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          438                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            451                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data           40                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          478                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::total             491                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          478                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::total            491                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     10637787                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    408412202                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    419049989                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     41671378                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     41671378                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     10637787                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    450083580                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    460721367                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     10637787                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    450083580                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    460721367                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.587131                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.594203                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.608142                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.614518                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.608142                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.614518                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 818291.307692                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 932447.949772                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 929157.403548                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 1041784.450000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1041784.450000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 818291.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 941597.447699                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 938332.723014                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 818291.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 941597.447699                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 938332.723014                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l209.replacements                           98                       # number of replacements
system.l209.tagsinuse                     2046.882919                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l209.total_refs                         132011                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.sampled_refs                         2145                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.avg_refs                        61.543590                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l209.occ_blocks::writebacks          41.882919                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    16.751617                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data    38.225217                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::cpu09.data        1950.023166                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_percent::writebacks          0.020451                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.008180                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.018665                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::cpu09.data          0.952160                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::total               0.999455                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          270                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::total                   272                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::writebacks             79                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::total                  79                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data          273                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::total                    275                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data          273                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::total                   275                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data           72                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::total                  98                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data           72                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::total                   98                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data           72                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::total                  98                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     96321333                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     66217884                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     162539217                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     96321333                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     66217884                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::total      162539217                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     96321333                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     66217884                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::total     162539217                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          342                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::total               370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           79                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::total              79                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          345                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::total                373                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          345                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::total               373                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.210526                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.264865                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.208696                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::total          0.262735                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.208696                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::total         0.262735                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 3704666.653846                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 919692.833333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1658563.438776                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 3704666.653846                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 919692.833333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1658563.438776                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 3704666.653846                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 919692.833333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1658563.438776                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l209.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l209.writebacks::writebacks                 51                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.writebacks::total                      51                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data           72                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total             98                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data           72                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::total              98                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data           72                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::total             98                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     94030556                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     59865003                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    153895559                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     94030556                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     59865003                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    153895559                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     94030556                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     59865003                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    153895559                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.210526                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.264865                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.208696                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.262735                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.208696                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.262735                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 3616559.846154                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 831458.375000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1570362.846939                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 3616559.846154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 831458.375000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1570362.846939                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 3616559.846154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 831458.375000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1570362.846939                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l210.replacements                          185                       # number of replacements
system.l210.tagsinuse                     2047.970678                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l210.total_refs                          51306                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.sampled_refs                         2233                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.avg_refs                        22.976265                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l210.occ_blocks::writebacks          33.970678                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    12.230489                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data    98.030466                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::cpu10.data        1903.739045                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_percent::writebacks          0.016587                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.005972                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.047866                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::cpu10.data          0.929560                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::total               0.999986                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          288                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::total                   288                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::writebacks             45                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::total                  45                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data          288                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::total                    288                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data          288                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::total                   288                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          173                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::total                 186                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data          173                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::total                  186                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data          173                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::total                 186                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     11575821                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    128539918                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     140115739                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     11575821                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    128539918                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::total      140115739                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     11575821                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    128539918                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::total     140115739                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          461                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::total               474                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           45                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::total              45                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          461                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::total                474                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          461                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::total               474                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.375271                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.392405                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.375271                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::total          0.392405                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.375271                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::total         0.392405                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 890447.769231                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 743005.306358                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 753310.424731                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 890447.769231                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 743005.306358                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 753310.424731                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 890447.769231                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 743005.306358                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 753310.424731                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l210.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l210.writebacks::writebacks                 26                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.writebacks::total                      26                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          173                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            186                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          173                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::total             186                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          173                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::total            186                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     10434421                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    113438318                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    123872739                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     10434421                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    113438318                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    123872739                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     10434421                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    113438318                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    123872739                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.375271                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.392405                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.375271                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.392405                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.375271                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.392405                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 802647.769231                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 655712.820809                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 665982.467742                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 802647.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 655712.820809                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 665982.467742                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 802647.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 655712.820809                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 665982.467742                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l211.replacements                          144                       # number of replacements
system.l211.tagsinuse                     2047.051540                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l211.total_refs                         135152                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.sampled_refs                         2192                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.avg_refs                        61.656934                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l211.occ_blocks::writebacks          97.244413                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    13.733199                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data    71.557014                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::cpu11.data        1864.516913                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_percent::writebacks          0.047483                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.006706                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.034940                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::cpu11.data          0.910409                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::total               0.999537                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          328                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::total                   328                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::writebacks            169                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::total                 169                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data          328                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::total                    328                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data          328                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::total                   328                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          129                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::total                 143                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_misses::total                 1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data          130                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::total                  144                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data          130                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::total                 144                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     15714709                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    107264728                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     122979437                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      1093797                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      1093797                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     15714709                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    108358525                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::total      124073234                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     15714709                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    108358525                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::total     124073234                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          457                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::total               471                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          169                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::total             169                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::total               1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          458                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::total                472                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          458                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::total               472                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.282276                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.303609                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.283843                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::total          0.305085                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.283843                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::total         0.305085                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1122479.214286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 831509.519380                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 859996.062937                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      1093797                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total      1093797                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1122479.214286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 833527.115385                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 861619.680556                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1122479.214286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 833527.115385                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 861619.680556                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l211.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l211.writebacks::writebacks                 93                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.writebacks::total                      93                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          129                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            143                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          130                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::total             144                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          130                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::total            144                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     14485509                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     95932325                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    110417834                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      1005997                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1005997                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     14485509                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     96938322                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    111423831                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     14485509                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     96938322                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    111423831                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.282276                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.303609                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.283843                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.305085                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.283843                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.305085                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1034679.214286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 743661.434109                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 772152.685315                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      1005997                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1005997                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1034679.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 745679.400000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 773776.604167                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1034679.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 745679.400000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 773776.604167                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l212.replacements                          141                       # number of replacements
system.l212.tagsinuse                     2046.553774                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l212.total_refs                         118693                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.sampled_refs                         2189                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.avg_refs                        54.222476                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l212.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.553774                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    26.303355                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data    59.487973                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::cpu12.data        1932.208671                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013942                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.012843                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.029047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::cpu12.data          0.943461                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::total               0.999294                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          283                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::total                   284                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::writebacks             91                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::total                  91                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data          286                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::total                    287                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data          286                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::total                   287                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          114                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::total                 141                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data          114                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::total                  141                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data          114                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::total                 141                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     74933957                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     94028815                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     168962772                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     74933957                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     94028815                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::total      168962772                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     74933957                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     94028815                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::total     168962772                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          397                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::total               425                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           91                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::total              91                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          400                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::total                428                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          400                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::total               428                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.287154                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.331765                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.285000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::total          0.329439                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.285000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::total         0.329439                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2775331.740741                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 824814.166667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1198317.531915                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2775331.740741                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 824814.166667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1198317.531915                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2775331.740741                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 824814.166667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1198317.531915                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l212.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l212.writebacks::writebacks                 67                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.writebacks::total                      67                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          114                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            141                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          114                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::total             141                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          114                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::total            141                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     72562871                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     84019615                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    156582486                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     72562871                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     84019615                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    156582486                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     72562871                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     84019615                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    156582486                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.287154                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.331765                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.285000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.329439                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.285000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.329439                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2687513.740741                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 737014.166667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1110514.085106                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2687513.740741                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 737014.166667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1110514.085106                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2687513.740741                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 737014.166667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1110514.085106                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l213.replacements                          378                       # number of replacements
system.l213.tagsinuse                            2048                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l213.total_refs                         113269                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.sampled_refs                         2426                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.avg_refs                        46.689613                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l213.occ_blocks::writebacks           5.588792                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    14.352287                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   175.532301                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::cpu13.data        1852.526620                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002729                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.007008                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.085709                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::cpu13.data          0.904554                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::total                      1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          346                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::total                   346                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::writebacks            113                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::total                 113                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data          346                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::total                    346                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data          346                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::total                   346                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          365                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::total                 380                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data          365                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::total                  380                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           15                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data          365                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::total                 380                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     14472077                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    347820241                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     362292318                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     14472077                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    347820241                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::total      362292318                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     14472077                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    347820241                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::total     362292318                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          711                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::total               726                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          113                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::total             113                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          711                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::total                726                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           15                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          711                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::total               726                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.513361                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.523416                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.513361                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::total          0.523416                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.513361                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::total         0.523416                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 964805.133333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 952932.167123                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 953400.836842                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 964805.133333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 952932.167123                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 953400.836842                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 964805.133333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 952932.167123                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 953400.836842                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l213.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l213.writebacks::writebacks                 79                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.writebacks::total                      79                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          365                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            380                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          365                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::total             380                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          365                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::total            380                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     13154373                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    315946002                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    329100375                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     13154373                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    315946002                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    329100375                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     13154373                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    315946002                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    329100375                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.513361                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.523416                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.513361                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.523416                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.513361                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.523416                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 876958.200000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 865605.484932                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 866053.618421                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 876958.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 865605.484932                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 866053.618421                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 876958.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 865605.484932                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 866053.618421                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l214.replacements                           98                       # number of replacements
system.l214.tagsinuse                     2046.877134                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l214.total_refs                         132009                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.sampled_refs                         2145                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.avg_refs                        61.542657                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l214.occ_blocks::writebacks          41.877134                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    16.740493                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data    38.158792                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::cpu14.data        1950.100715                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_percent::writebacks          0.020448                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.008174                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.018632                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::cpu14.data          0.952198                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::total               0.999452                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          268                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::total                   270                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::writebacks             79                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::total                  79                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data          271                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::total                    273                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data          271                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::total                   273                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data           72                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::total                  98                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data           72                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::total                   98                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data           72                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::total                  98                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     92094091                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     73262869                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     165356960                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     92094091                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     73262869                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::total      165356960                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     92094091                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     73262869                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::total     165356960                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          340                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::total               368                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           79                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::total              79                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          343                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::total                371                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          343                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::total               371                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.211765                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.266304                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.209913                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::total          0.264151                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.209913                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::total         0.264151                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 3542080.423077                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 1017539.847222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1687315.918367                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 3542080.423077                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 1017539.847222                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1687315.918367                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 3542080.423077                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 1017539.847222                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1687315.918367                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l214.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l214.writebacks::writebacks                 51                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.writebacks::total                      51                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data           72                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total             98                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data           72                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::total              98                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data           72                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::total             98                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     89810928                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     66939802                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    156750730                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     89810928                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     66939802                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    156750730                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     89810928                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     66939802                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    156750730                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.211765                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.266304                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.209913                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.264151                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.209913                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.264151                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 3454266.461538                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 929719.472222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1599497.244898                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 3454266.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 929719.472222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1599497.244898                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 3454266.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 929719.472222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1599497.244898                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l215.replacements                          141                       # number of replacements
system.l215.tagsinuse                     2046.545081                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l215.total_refs                         118693                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.sampled_refs                         2189                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.avg_refs                        54.222476                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l215.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.545081                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    26.300899                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data    59.265842                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::cpu15.data        1932.433259                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013938                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.012842                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.028938                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::cpu15.data          0.943571                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::total               0.999290                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          283                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::total                   284                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::writebacks             91                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::total                  91                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data          286                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::total                    287                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data          286                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::total                   287                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          114                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::total                 141                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data          114                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::total                  141                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data          114                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::total                 141                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     82920915                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     99487786                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     182408701                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     82920915                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     99487786                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::total      182408701                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     82920915                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     99487786                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::total     182408701                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          397                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::total               425                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           91                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::total              91                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          400                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::total                428                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          400                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::total               428                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.287154                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.331765                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.285000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::total          0.329439                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.285000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::total         0.329439                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3071145                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 872699.877193                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1293678.730496                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3071145                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 872699.877193                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1293678.730496                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3071145                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 872699.877193                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1293678.730496                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l215.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l215.writebacks::writebacks                 67                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.writebacks::total                      67                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          114                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            141                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          114                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::total             141                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          114                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::total            141                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     80549711                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     89474963                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    170024674                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     80549711                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     89474963                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    170024674                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     80549711                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     89474963                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    170024674                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.287154                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.331765                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.285000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.329439                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.285000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.329439                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2983322.629630                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 784868.096491                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1205848.751773                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2983322.629630                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 784868.096491                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1205848.751773                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2983322.629630                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 784868.096491                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1205848.751773                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              472.554359                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs              750129988                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  483                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1553064.157350                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    17.554359                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.028132                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.757299                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       122021                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        122021                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       122021                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total         122021                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       122021                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total        122021                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    131140841                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    131140841                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    131140841                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    131140841                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    131140841                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    131140841                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       122062                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       122062                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       122062                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total       122062                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       122062                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total       122062                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000336                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000336                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000336                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000336                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000336                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000336                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 3198557.097561                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 3198557.097561                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 3198557.097561                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 3198557.097561                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 3198557.097561                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 3198557.097561                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1483725                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 741862.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     80342505                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     80342505                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     80342505                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     80342505                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     80342505                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     80342505                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000229                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000229                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000229                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000229                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000229                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000229                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2869375.178571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2869375.178571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2869375.178571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2869375.178571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2869375.178571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2869375.178571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                  343                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              108893371                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                  599                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             181791.938230                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   117.298032                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data   138.701968                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.458195                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.541805                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        96348                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         96348                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        70544                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        70544                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          172                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          172                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data       166892                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total         166892                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data       166892                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total        166892                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          846                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          846                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data          858                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total          858                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data          858                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total          858                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    194842081                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    194842081                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       992744                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       992744                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    195834825                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    195834825                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    195834825                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    195834825                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        97194                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        97194                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        70556                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        70556                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          172                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          172                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       167750                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total       167750                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       167750                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total       167750                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008704                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008704                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000170                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000170                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.005115                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005115                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.005115                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005115                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 230309.788416                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 230309.788416                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 82728.666667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82728.666667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 228245.716783                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 228245.716783                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 228245.716783                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 228245.716783                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           79                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total              79                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          506                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          506                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          515                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          515                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          515                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          515                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          340                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          340                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          343                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          343                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          343                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          343                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     91314177                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     91314177                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       208353                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       208353                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     91522530                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     91522530                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     91522530                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     91522530                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.003498                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003498                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000043                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002045                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002045                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002045                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002045                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 268571.108824                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 268571.108824                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data        69451                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        69451                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 266829.533528                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 266829.533528                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 266829.533528                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 266829.533528                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              538.257430                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs              643362983                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  539                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1193623.345083                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    12.257430                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          526                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.019643                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.842949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.862592                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       115947                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        115947                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       115947                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total         115947                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       115947                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total        115947                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           15                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     13436106                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     13436106                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     13436106                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     13436106                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     13436106                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     13436106                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       115962                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       115962                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       115962                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total       115962                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       115962                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total       115962                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000129                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000129                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000129                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000129                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000129                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000129                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 895740.400000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 895740.400000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 895740.400000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 895740.400000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 895740.400000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 895740.400000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     12015674                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12015674                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     12015674                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     12015674                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     12015674                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     12015674                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000112                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000112                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000112                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000112                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000112                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000112                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 924282.615385                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 924282.615385                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 924282.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 924282.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 924282.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 924282.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                  456                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              150633965                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                  712                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             211564.557584                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   141.493077                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data   114.506923                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.552707                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.447293                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       158147                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        158147                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        35718                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        35718                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data           82                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           82                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data           82                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           82                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data       193865                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total         193865                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data       193865                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total        193865                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1649                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1649                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1649                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total         1649                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1649                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total         1649                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    721342929                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    721342929                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    721342929                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    721342929                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    721342929                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    721342929                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       159796                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       159796                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        35718                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        35718                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           82                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           82                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           82                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           82                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       195514                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total       195514                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       195514                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total       195514                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.010319                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010319                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008434                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008434                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008434                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008434                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 437442.649485                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 437442.649485                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 437442.649485                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 437442.649485                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 437442.649485                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 437442.649485                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           45                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total              45                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1193                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1193                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1193                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1193                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1193                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1193                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          456                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          456                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          456                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          456                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          456                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          456                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    152508299                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    152508299                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    152508299                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    152508299                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    152508299                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    152508299                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002854                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002854                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002332                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002332                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002332                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002332                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 334448.024123                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 334448.024123                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 334448.024123                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 334448.024123                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 334448.024123                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 334448.024123                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              472.566483                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs              750130520                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  483                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1553065.258799                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    17.566483                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.028151                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.757318                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       122553                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        122553                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       122553                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total         122553                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       122553                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total        122553                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    148926754                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    148926754                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    148926754                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    148926754                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    148926754                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    148926754                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       122593                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       122593                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       122593                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total       122593                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       122593                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total       122593                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000326                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000326                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000326                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000326                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000326                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000326                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 3723168.850000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 3723168.850000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 3723168.850000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 3723168.850000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 3723168.850000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 3723168.850000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      3429297                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 857324.250000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     93261721                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     93261721                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     93261721                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     93261721                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     93261721                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     93261721                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000228                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000228                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000228                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000228                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000228                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000228                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 3330775.750000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3330775.750000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 3330775.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3330775.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 3330775.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3330775.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                  345                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              108894098                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                  601                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             181188.183028                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   117.406039                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data   138.593961                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.458617                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.541383                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        96784                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         96784                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        70835                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        70835                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          172                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          172                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data       167619                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total         167619                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data       167619                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total        167619                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          849                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          849                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data          861                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total          861                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data          861                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total          861                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    182783889                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    182783889                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       992528                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       992528                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    183776417                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    183776417                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    183776417                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    183776417                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        97633                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        97633                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        70847                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        70847                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          172                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          172                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       168480                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total       168480                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       168480                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total       168480                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.008696                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008696                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000169                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000169                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.005110                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005110                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.005110                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005110                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 215293.155477                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 215293.155477                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 82710.666667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82710.666667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 213445.315912                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 213445.315912                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 213445.315912                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 213445.315912                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           79                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total              79                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          507                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          507                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          516                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          516                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          516                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          516                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          342                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          342                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          345                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          345                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          345                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          345                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     83829540                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     83829540                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       208335                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       208335                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     84037875                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     84037875                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     84037875                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     84037875                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003503                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003503                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000042                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002048                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002048                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002048                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002048                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 245115.614035                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 245115.614035                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data        69445                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        69445                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 243588.043478                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 243588.043478                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 243588.043478                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 243588.043478                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              557.355665                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs              765681023                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  558                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1372188.213262                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    14.355665                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.023006                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.870192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.893198                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       105006                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        105006                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       105006                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total         105006                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       105006                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total        105006                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           20                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           20                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           20                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           20                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     20630921                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     20630921                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     20630921                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     20630921                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     20630921                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     20630921                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       105026                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       105026                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       105026                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total       105026                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       105026                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total       105026                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000190                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000190                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000190                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000190                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000190                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000190                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1031546.050000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1031546.050000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1031546.050000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1031546.050000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1031546.050000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1031546.050000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     16546126                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     16546126                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     16546126                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     16546126                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     16546126                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     16546126                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000143                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000143                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000143                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000143                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000143                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000143                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1103075.066667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1103075.066667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1103075.066667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1103075.066667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1103075.066667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1103075.066667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                  707                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              287933099                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                  963                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             298995.949117                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   101.521422                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data   154.478578                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.396568                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.603432                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       267528                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        267528                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       145758                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       145758                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data           71                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           71                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data           70                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           70                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data       413286                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total         413286                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data       413286                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total        413286                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2639                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2639                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2639                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total         2639                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2639                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total         2639                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1417577739                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1417577739                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1417577739                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1417577739                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1417577739                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1417577739                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       270167                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       270167                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       145758                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       145758                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data           71                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           71                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data           70                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           70                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       415925                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total       415925                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       415925                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total       415925                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.009768                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009768                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.006345                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006345                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.006345                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006345                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 537164.736264                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 537164.736264                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 537164.736264                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 537164.736264                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 537164.736264                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 537164.736264                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          112                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total             112                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1932                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1932                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1932                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1932                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1932                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1932                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          707                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          707                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          707                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          707                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          707                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          707                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    372634806                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    372634806                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    372634806                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    372634806                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    372634806                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    372634806                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002617                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002617                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.001700                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001700                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.001700                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001700                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 527064.789250                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 527064.789250                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 527064.789250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 527064.789250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 527064.789250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 527064.789250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              472.557628                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs              750130046                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  483                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1553064.277433                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    17.557628                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.028137                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.757304                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       122079                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        122079                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       122079                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total         122079                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       122079                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total        122079                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    139425617                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    139425617                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    139425617                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    139425617                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    139425617                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    139425617                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       122120                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       122120                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       122120                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total       122120                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       122120                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total       122120                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000336                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000336                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000336                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000336                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000336                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000336                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 3400624.804878                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 3400624.804878                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 3400624.804878                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 3400624.804878                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 3400624.804878                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 3400624.804878                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1481343                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 740671.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     84864647                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     84864647                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     84864647                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     84864647                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     84864647                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     84864647                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000229                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000229                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000229                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000229                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000229                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000229                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 3030880.250000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3030880.250000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 3030880.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3030880.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 3030880.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3030880.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                  343                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              108893444                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                  599                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             181792.060100                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   117.394847                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data   138.605153                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.458574                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.541426                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        96395                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         96395                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        70570                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        70570                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          172                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          172                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data       166965                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total         166965                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data       166965                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total        166965                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          846                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          846                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data          858                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total          858                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data          858                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total          858                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    191790844                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    191790844                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       993047                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       993047                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    192783891                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    192783891                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    192783891                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    192783891                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        97241                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        97241                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        70582                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        70582                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          172                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          172                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       167823                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total       167823                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       167823                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total       167823                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008700                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008700                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000170                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000170                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.005113                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005113                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.005113                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005113                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 226703.125296                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 226703.125296                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 82753.916667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82753.916667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 224689.849650                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 224689.849650                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 224689.849650                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 224689.849650                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           79                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total              79                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data          506                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          506                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data          515                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          515                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data          515                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          515                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          340                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          340                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          343                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          343                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          343                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          343                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     90382882                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     90382882                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       208413                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       208413                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     90591295                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     90591295                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     90591295                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     90591295                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003496                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003496                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000043                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002044                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002044                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002044                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002044                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 265832.005882                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 265832.005882                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data        69471                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        69471                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 264114.562682                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 264114.562682                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 264114.562682                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 264114.562682                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              495.732209                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs              747244219                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1506540.764113                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    13.732209                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.022007                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.794443                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       116942                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        116942                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       116942                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total         116942                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       116942                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total        116942                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           23                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           23                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           23                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           23                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     22590800                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     22590800                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     22590800                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     22590800                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     22590800                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     22590800                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       116965                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       116965                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       116965                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total       116965                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       116965                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total       116965                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000197                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000197                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000197                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000197                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000197                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000197                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 982208.695652                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 982208.695652                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 982208.695652                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 982208.695652                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 982208.695652                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 982208.695652                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     17927689                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     17927689                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     17927689                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     17927689                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     17927689                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     17927689                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000120                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000120                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000120                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000120                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000120                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000120                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1280549.214286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1280549.214286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1280549.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1280549.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1280549.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1280549.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                  459                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              117744932                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                  715                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             164678.226573                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   157.375197                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    98.624803                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.614747                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.385253                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        80537                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         80537                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        67366                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        67366                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          166                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          166                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          154                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          154                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data       147903                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total         147903                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data       147903                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total        147903                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1590                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1590                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          100                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          100                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1690                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total         1690                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1690                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total         1690                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    516040083                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    516040083                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    100797868                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    100797868                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    616837951                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    616837951                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    616837951                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    616837951                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        82127                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        82127                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        67466                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        67466                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          166                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          166                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          154                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          154                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       149593                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total       149593                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       149593                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total       149593                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.019360                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.019360                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.001482                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.001482                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.011297                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011297                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.011297                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011297                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 324553.511321                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 324553.511321                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 1007978.680000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1007978.680000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 364992.870414                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 364992.870414                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 364992.870414                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 364992.870414                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      2237938                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets      1118969                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          170                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total             170                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1130                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1130                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data           99                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           99                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1229                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1229                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1229                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1229                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          460                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          460                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          461                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          461                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          461                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          461                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    127544472                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    127544472                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      1101973                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1101973                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    128646445                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    128646445                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    128646445                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    128646445                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.005601                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005601                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003082                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003082                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003082                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003082                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 277270.591304                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 277270.591304                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      1101973                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1101973                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 279059.533623                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 279059.533623                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 279059.533623                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 279059.533623                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              557.355018                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs              765680927                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  558                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1372188.041219                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    14.355018                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.023005                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.870192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.893197                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       104910                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        104910                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       104910                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total         104910                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       104910                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total        104910                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           20                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           20                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           20                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           20                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     19608037                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     19608037                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     19608037                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     19608037                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     19608037                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     19608037                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       104930                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       104930                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       104930                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total       104930                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       104930                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total       104930                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000191                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000191                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000191                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000191                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000191                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000191                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 980401.850000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 980401.850000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 980401.850000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 980401.850000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 980401.850000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 980401.850000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     15539132                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15539132                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     15539132                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     15539132                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     15539132                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     15539132                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000143                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000143                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000143                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000143                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000143                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000143                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1035942.133333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1035942.133333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1035942.133333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1035942.133333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1035942.133333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1035942.133333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                  707                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              287933043                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                  963                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             298995.890966                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   101.513388                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data   154.486612                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.396537                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.603463                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       267507                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        267507                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       145723                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       145723                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data           71                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           71                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data           70                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           70                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data       413230                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total         413230                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data       413230                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total        413230                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2646                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2646                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2646                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total         2646                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2646                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total         2646                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1412898195                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1412898195                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1412898195                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1412898195                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1412898195                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1412898195                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       270153                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       270153                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       145723                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       145723                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           71                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           71                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           70                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           70                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       415876                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total       415876                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       415876                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total       415876                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.009794                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009794                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.006362                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006362                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.006362                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006362                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 533975.130385                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 533975.130385                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 533975.130385                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 533975.130385                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 533975.130385                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 533975.130385                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          112                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total             112                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1939                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1939                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1939                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1939                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1939                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1939                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          707                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          707                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          707                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          707                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          707                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          707                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    370075588                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    370075588                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    370075588                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    370075588                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    370075588                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    370075588                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002617                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002617                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.001700                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001700                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.001700                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001700                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 523444.961810                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 523444.961810                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 523444.961810                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 523444.961810                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 523444.961810                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 523444.961810                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              555.545316                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs              765680778                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  556                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1377123.701439                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    12.545316                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.020105                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.870192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.890297                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       104761                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        104761                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       104761                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total         104761                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       104761                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total        104761                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           18                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           18                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           18                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     16759264                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     16759264                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     16759264                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     16759264                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     16759264                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     16759264                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       104779                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       104779                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       104779                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total       104779                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       104779                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total       104779                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000172                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000172                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000172                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000172                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000172                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000172                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 931070.222222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 931070.222222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 931070.222222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 931070.222222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 931070.222222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 931070.222222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     12514334                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12514334                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     12514334                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     12514334                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     12514334                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     12514334                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 962641.076923                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 962641.076923                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 962641.076923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 962641.076923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 962641.076923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 962641.076923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                  709                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              287931905                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                  965                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             298375.031088                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   101.543051                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data   154.456949                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.396653                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.603347                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       266744                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        266744                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       145348                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       145348                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data           71                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           71                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data           70                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           70                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data       412092                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total         412092                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data       412092                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total        412092                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2649                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2649                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2649                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total         2649                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2649                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total         2649                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1445223167                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1445223167                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1445223167                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1445223167                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1445223167                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1445223167                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       269393                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       269393                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       145348                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       145348                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           71                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           71                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           70                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           70                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       414741                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total       414741                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       414741                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total       414741                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.009833                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009833                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.006387                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006387                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.006387                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006387                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 545573.109475                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 545573.109475                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 545573.109475                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 545573.109475                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 545573.109475                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 545573.109475                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          112                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total             112                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1940                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1940                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1940                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1940                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1940                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1940                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          709                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          709                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          709                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          709                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          709                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          709                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    383211647                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    383211647                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    383211647                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    383211647                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    383211647                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    383211647                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002632                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002632                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.001710                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001710                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.001710                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001710                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 540495.976023                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 540495.976023                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 540495.976023                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 540495.976023                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 540495.976023                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 540495.976023                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              501.407851                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs              750383372                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  502                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1494787.593625                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    12.407851                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          489                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.019884                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.783654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.803538                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst        90922                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         90922                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst        90922                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total          90922                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst        90922                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total         90922                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           18                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           18                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           18                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     16179801                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     16179801                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     16179801                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     16179801                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     16179801                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     16179801                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst        90940                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        90940                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst        90940                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total        90940                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst        90940                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total        90940                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000198                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000198                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000198                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000198                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000198                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000198                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 898877.833333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 898877.833333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 898877.833333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 898877.833333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 898877.833333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 898877.833333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     11887087                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11887087                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     11887087                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     11887087                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     11887087                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     11887087                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000143                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000143                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000143                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000143                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000143                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000143                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 914391.307692                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 914391.307692                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 914391.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 914391.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 914391.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 914391.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                  786                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              125035071                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                 1042                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             119995.269674                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   173.143415                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    82.856585                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.676341                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.323659                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        68390                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         68390                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        54985                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        54985                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          112                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          112                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          108                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          108                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data       123375                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total         123375                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data       123375                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total        123375                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1860                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1860                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          344                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          344                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2204                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total         2204                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2204                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total         2204                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1174911493                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1174911493                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    372411398                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    372411398                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1547322891                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1547322891                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1547322891                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1547322891                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        70250                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        70250                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        55329                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        55329                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          112                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          112                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          108                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          108                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       125579                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total       125579                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       125579                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total       125579                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.026477                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.026477                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.006217                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.006217                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.017551                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.017551                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.017551                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.017551                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 631672.845699                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 631672.845699                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 1082591.273256                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1082591.273256                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 702052.128403                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 702052.128403                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 702052.128403                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 702052.128403                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          351                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total             351                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1114                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1114                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data          304                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          304                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1418                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1418                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1418                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1418                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          746                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          746                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data           40                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          786                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          786                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          786                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          786                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    471189439                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    471189439                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     45516571                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     45516571                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    516706010                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    516706010                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    516706010                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    516706010                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.010619                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010619                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000723                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000723                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.006259                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006259                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.006259                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006259                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 631621.231903                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 631621.231903                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 1137914.275000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1137914.275000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 657386.781170                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 657386.781170                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 657386.781170                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 657386.781170                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              472.568442                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs              750130556                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  483                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1553065.333333                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    17.568442                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.028155                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.757321                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       122589                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        122589                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       122589                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total         122589                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       122589                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total        122589                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    154878968                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    154878968                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    154878968                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    154878968                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    154878968                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    154878968                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       122628                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       122628                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       122628                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total       122628                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       122628                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total       122628                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000318                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000318                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000318                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000318                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000318                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000318                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 3971255.589744                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 3971255.589744                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 3971255.589744                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 3971255.589744                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 3971255.589744                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 3971255.589744                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      3427437                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 856859.250000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     96667051                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     96667051                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     96667051                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     96667051                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     96667051                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     96667051                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000228                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000228                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000228                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000228                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000228                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000228                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 3452394.678571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3452394.678571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 3452394.678571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3452394.678571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 3452394.678571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3452394.678571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                  345                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              108894155                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                  601                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             181188.277870                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   117.457949                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data   138.542051                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.458820                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.541180                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        96812                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         96812                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        70860                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        70860                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          179                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          179                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          174                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          174                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data       167672                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total         167672                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data       167672                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total        167672                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          849                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          849                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data          861                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total          861                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data          861                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total          861                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    182993343                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    182993343                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       993575                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       993575                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    183986918                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    183986918                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    183986918                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    183986918                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        97661                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        97661                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        70872                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        70872                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          179                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          179                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          174                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          174                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       168533                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total       168533                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       168533                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total       168533                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.008693                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008693                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000169                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000169                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.005109                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005109                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.005109                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005109                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 215539.862191                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 215539.862191                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 82797.916667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82797.916667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 213689.800232                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 213689.800232                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 213689.800232                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 213689.800232                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           79                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total              79                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data          507                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          507                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data          516                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          516                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data          516                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          516                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          342                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          342                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          345                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          345                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          345                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          345                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     84386253                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     84386253                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       208457                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       208457                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     84594710                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     84594710                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     84594710                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     84594710                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.003502                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003502                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000042                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002047                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002047                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002047                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002047                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 246743.429825                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 246743.429825                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 69485.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69485.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 245202.057971                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 245202.057971                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 245202.057971                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 245202.057971                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              538.229427                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs              643363169                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  539                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1193623.690167                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    12.229427                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          526                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.019598                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.842949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.862547                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       116133                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        116133                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       116133                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total         116133                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       116133                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total        116133                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     13712189                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     13712189                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     13712189                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     13712189                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     13712189                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     13712189                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       116149                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       116149                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       116149                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total       116149                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       116149                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total       116149                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000138                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000138                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000138                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000138                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000138                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000138                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 857011.812500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 857011.812500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 857011.812500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 857011.812500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 857011.812500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 857011.812500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     11683721                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11683721                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     11683721                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     11683721                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     11683721                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     11683721                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000112                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000112                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000112                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000112                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000112                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000112                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 898747.769231                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 898747.769231                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 898747.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 898747.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 898747.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 898747.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                  460                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              150634178                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                  716                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             210382.930168                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   141.820687                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data   114.179313                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.553987                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.446013                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       158215                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        158215                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        35862                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        35862                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data           82                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           82                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data       194077                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total         194077                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data       194077                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total        194077                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1657                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1657                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1657                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total         1657                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1657                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total         1657                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    714223537                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    714223537                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    714223537                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    714223537                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    714223537                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    714223537                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       159872                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       159872                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        35862                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        35862                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           82                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           82                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       195734                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total       195734                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       195734                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total       195734                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.010365                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010365                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008466                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008466                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008466                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008466                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 431034.120097                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 431034.120097                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 431034.120097                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 431034.120097                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 431034.120097                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 431034.120097                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           45                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total              45                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1196                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1196                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1196                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1196                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1196                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1196                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          461                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          461                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          461                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          461                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          461                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          461                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    148867358                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    148867358                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    148867358                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    148867358                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    148867358                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    148867358                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002884                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002884                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002355                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002355                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002355                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002355                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 322922.685466                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 322922.685466                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 322922.685466                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 322922.685466                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 322922.685466                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 322922.685466                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              495.732056                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs              747243972                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1506540.266129                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    13.732056                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.022007                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.794442                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       116695                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        116695                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       116695                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total         116695                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       116695                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total        116695                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           25                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           25                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           25                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           25                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     22396240                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     22396240                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     22396240                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     22396240                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     22396240                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     22396240                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       116720                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       116720                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       116720                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total       116720                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       116720                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total       116720                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000214                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000214                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000214                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000214                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000214                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000214                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 895849.600000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 895849.600000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 895849.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 895849.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 895849.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 895849.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     15831549                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15831549                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     15831549                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     15831549                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     15831549                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     15831549                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000120                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000120                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000120                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000120                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000120                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000120                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1130824.928571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1130824.928571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1130824.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1130824.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1130824.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1130824.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                  458                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              117744754                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                  714                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             164908.619048                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   157.059020                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data    98.940980                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.613512                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.386488                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        80413                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         80413                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        67311                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        67311                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          167                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          167                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          154                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          154                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data       147724                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total         147724                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data       147724                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total        147724                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1584                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1584                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data           84                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           84                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1668                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total         1668                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1668                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total         1668                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    544466056                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    544466056                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     90800061                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     90800061                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    635266117                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    635266117                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    635266117                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    635266117                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        81997                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        81997                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        67395                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        67395                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          167                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          167                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          154                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          154                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       149392                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total       149392                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       149392                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total       149392                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.019318                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.019318                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.001246                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.001246                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.011165                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011165                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.011165                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011165                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 343728.570707                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 343728.570707                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 1080953.107143                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1080953.107143                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 380854.986211                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 380854.986211                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 380854.986211                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 380854.986211                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      1651041                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets      1651041                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          169                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total             169                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1127                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1127                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data           83                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           83                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1210                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1210                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1210                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1210                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          457                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          457                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          458                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          458                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          458                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          458                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    129773610                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    129773610                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      1102097                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1102097                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    130875707                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    130875707                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    130875707                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    130875707                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.005573                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005573                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.003066                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003066                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.003066                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003066                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 283968.512035                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 283968.512035                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      1102097                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1102097                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 285754.818777                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 285754.818777                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 285754.818777                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 285754.818777                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              502.284886                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs              746681296                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  503                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1484455.856859                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    27.284886                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.043726                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.804944                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       119758                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        119758                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       119758                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total         119758                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       119758                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total        119758                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           36                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     87419343                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     87419343                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     87419343                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     87419343                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     87419343                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     87419343                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       119794                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       119794                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       119794                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total       119794                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       119794                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total       119794                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000301                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000301                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000301                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000301                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000301                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000301                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2428315.083333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2428315.083333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2428315.083333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2428315.083333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2428315.083333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2428315.083333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     75230375                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     75230375                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     75230375                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     75230375                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     75230375                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     75230375                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000234                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000234                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000234                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000234                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000234                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000234                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2686799.107143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2686799.107143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2686799.107143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2686799.107143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2686799.107143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2686799.107143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                  400                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              112792659                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                  656                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             171940.028963                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   157.598685                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    98.401315                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.615620                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.384380                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        80809                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         80809                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        67423                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        67423                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          163                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          163                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          162                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          162                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data       148232                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total         148232                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data       148232                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total        148232                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1300                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1300                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data           14                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           14                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1314                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total         1314                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1314                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total         1314                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    414086173                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    414086173                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      1156540                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1156540                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    415242713                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    415242713                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    415242713                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    415242713                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        82109                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        82109                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        67437                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        67437                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          163                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          163                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          162                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          162                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       149546                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total       149546                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       149546                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total       149546                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.015833                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015833                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000208                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000208                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008787                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008787                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008787                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008787                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 318527.825385                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 318527.825385                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data        82610                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total        82610                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 316014.241248                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 316014.241248                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 316014.241248                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 316014.241248                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           91                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total              91                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          903                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          903                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          914                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          914                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          914                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          914                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          397                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          397                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          400                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          400                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    113362844                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    113362844                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    113555144                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    113555144                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    113555144                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    113555144                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.004835                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004835                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000044                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002675                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002675                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002675                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002675                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 285548.725441                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 285548.725441                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 283887.860000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 283887.860000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 283887.860000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 283887.860000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              557.351062                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs              765681090                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  558                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1372188.333333                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    14.351062                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.022998                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.870192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.893191                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       105073                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        105073                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       105073                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total         105073                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       105073                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total        105073                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           20                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           20                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           20                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           20                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     18650610                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     18650610                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     18650610                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     18650610                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     18650610                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     18650610                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       105093                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       105093                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       105093                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total       105093                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       105093                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total       105093                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000190                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000190                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000190                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000190                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000190                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000190                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 932530.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 932530.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 932530.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 932530.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 932530.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 932530.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     14597278                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14597278                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     14597278                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     14597278                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     14597278                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     14597278                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000143                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000143                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000143                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000143                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000143                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000143                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 973151.866667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 973151.866667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 973151.866667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 973151.866667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 973151.866667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 973151.866667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                  709                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              287935019                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                  965                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             298378.258031                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   101.416216                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data   154.583784                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.396157                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.603843                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       268786                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        268786                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       146420                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       146420                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data           71                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           71                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data           70                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           70                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data       415206                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total         415206                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data       415206                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total        415206                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2633                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2633                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2633                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total         2633                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2633                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total         2633                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1411832321                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1411832321                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1411832321                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1411832321                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1411832321                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1411832321                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       271419                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       271419                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       146420                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       146420                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data           71                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           71                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data           70                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           70                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       417839                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total       417839                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       417839                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total       417839                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.009701                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009701                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.006301                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006301                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.006301                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006301                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 536206.730346                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 536206.730346                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 536206.730346                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 536206.730346                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 536206.730346                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 536206.730346                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          113                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total             113                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1922                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1922                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1922                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1922                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1922                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1922                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          711                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          711                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          711                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          711                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          711                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          711                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    374469529                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    374469529                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    374469529                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    374469529                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    374469529                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    374469529                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002620                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002620                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.001702                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001702                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.001702                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001702                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 526680.068917                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 526680.068917                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 526680.068917                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 526680.068917                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 526680.068917                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 526680.068917                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              472.554662                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs              750129766                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  483                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1553063.697723                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    17.554662                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.028132                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.757299                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       121799                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        121799                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       121799                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total         121799                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       121799                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total        121799                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst    153143866                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    153143866                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst    153143866                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    153143866                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst    153143866                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    153143866                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       121840                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       121840                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       121840                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total       121840                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       121840                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total       121840                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000337                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000337                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000337                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000337                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000337                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000337                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 3735216.243902                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 3735216.243902                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 3735216.243902                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 3735216.243902                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 3735216.243902                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 3735216.243902                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      2762545                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 1381272.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     92439783                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     92439783                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     92439783                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     92439783                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     92439783                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     92439783                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000230                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000230                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000230                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000230                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000230                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000230                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 3301420.821429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3301420.821429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 3301420.821429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3301420.821429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 3301420.821429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3301420.821429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                  343                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              108893020                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                  599                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             181791.352254                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   117.376827                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data   138.623173                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.458503                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.541497                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        96149                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         96149                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        70392                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        70392                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          172                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          172                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data       166541                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total         166541                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data       166541                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total        166541                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          846                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          846                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data          858                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total          858                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data          858                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total          858                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    196380577                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    196380577                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       993263                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       993263                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    197373840                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    197373840                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    197373840                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    197373840                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        96995                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        96995                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        70404                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        70404                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          172                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          172                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       167399                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total       167399                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       167399                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total       167399                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008722                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008722                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000170                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000170                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.005125                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005125                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.005125                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005125                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 232128.341608                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 232128.341608                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 82771.916667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82771.916667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 230039.440559                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 230039.440559                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 230039.440559                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 230039.440559                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           79                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total              79                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data          506                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          506                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data          515                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          515                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data          515                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          515                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          340                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          340                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          343                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          343                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          343                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          343                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     91296907                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     91296907                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       208431                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       208431                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     91505338                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     91505338                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     91505338                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     91505338                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.003505                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003505                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000043                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002049                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002049                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002049                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002049                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 268520.314706                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 268520.314706                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data        69477                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        69477                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 266779.411079                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 266779.411079                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 266779.411079                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 266779.411079                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              502.282912                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs              746680702                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  503                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1484454.675944                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    27.282912                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.043723                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.804941                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       119164                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        119164                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       119164                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total         119164                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       119164                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total        119164                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           37                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     95944957                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     95944957                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     95944957                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     95944957                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     95944957                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     95944957                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       119201                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       119201                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       119201                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total       119201                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       119201                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total       119201                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000310                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000310                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000310                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000310                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000310                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000310                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2593106.945946                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2593106.945946                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2593106.945946                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2593106.945946                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2593106.945946                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2593106.945946                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       900344                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       450172                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     83209115                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     83209115                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     83209115                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     83209115                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     83209115                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     83209115                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000235                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000235                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000235                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000235                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000235                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000235                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2971754.107143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2971754.107143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2971754.107143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2971754.107143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2971754.107143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2971754.107143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                  400                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              112791885                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                  656                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             171938.849085                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   157.521433                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    98.478567                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.615318                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.384682                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        80389                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         80389                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        67069                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        67069                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          163                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          163                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          162                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          162                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data       147458                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total         147458                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data       147458                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total        147458                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1300                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1300                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data           14                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           14                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1314                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total         1314                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1314                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total         1314                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    416075642                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    416075642                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      1156110                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1156110                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    417231752                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    417231752                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    417231752                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    417231752                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        81689                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        81689                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        67083                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        67083                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          163                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          163                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          162                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          162                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       148772                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total       148772                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       148772                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total       148772                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.015914                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015914                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000209                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000209                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008832                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008832                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008832                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008832                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 320058.186154                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 320058.186154                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 82579.285714                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82579.285714                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 317527.969559                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 317527.969559                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 317527.969559                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 317527.969559                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           91                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total              91                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          903                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          903                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          914                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          914                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          914                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          914                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          397                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          397                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          400                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          400                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    118806862                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    118806862                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    118999162                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    118999162                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    118999162                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    118999162                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.004860                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004860                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000045                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002689                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002689                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002689                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002689                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 299261.617128                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 299261.617128                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 297497.905000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 297497.905000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 297497.905000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 297497.905000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
