
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.012020                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 12019949940                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               577318381767                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 409322                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   526410                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                 288900                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67627904                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 41605.86                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 17030188731                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   21901756641                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data       261120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data       201856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data       262016                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data       469248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data       172160                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data       262656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data       410880                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data       470016                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data       165120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data       261888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         3712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data       265344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data       475648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         3840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data       259584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data       195968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data       167168                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data       274176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total              4645504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4096                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4096                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         3712                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         3840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           70656                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      1075968                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           1075968                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           32                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data         2040                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data         1577                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           33                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data         2047                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data         3666                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data         1345                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           33                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data         2052                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data         3210                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data         3672                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data         1290                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           32                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data         2046                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           29                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data         2073                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data         3716                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           30                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data         2028                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data         1531                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data         1306                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data         2142                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 36293                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            8406                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 8406                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst       340767                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     21723884                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst       425959                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     16793414                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst       351416                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     21798427                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst       383363                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     39039098                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst       372714                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     14322855                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst       351416                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     21851672                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst       383363                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     34183171                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst       372714                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     39102991                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst       372714                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     13737162                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst       340767                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     21787778                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst       308820                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     22075300                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst       383363                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     39571546                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst       319469                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     21596097                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst       415310                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     16303562                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst       372714                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     13907545                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst       383363                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     22810078                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               386482808                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst       340767                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst       425959                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst       351416                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst       383363                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst       372714                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst       351416                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst       383363                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst       372714                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst       372714                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst       340767                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst       308820                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst       383363                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst       319469                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst       415310                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst       372714                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst       383363                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            5878227                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks          89515181                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total               89515181                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks          89515181                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst       340767                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     21723884                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst       425959                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     16793414                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst       351416                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     21798427                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst       383363                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     39039098                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst       372714                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     14322855                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst       351416                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     21851672                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst       383363                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     34183171                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst       372714                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     39102991                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst       372714                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     13737162                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst       340767                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     21787778                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst       308820                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     22075300                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst       383363                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     39571546                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst       319469                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     21596097                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst       415310                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     16303562                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst       372714                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     13907545                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst       383363                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     22810078                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              475997989                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles               28824821                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups        2183352                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1953513                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       175054                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1460722                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1435140                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS         128150                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         5225                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles     23133508                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts             12409905                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches           2183352                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches      1563290                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles             2767951                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles        576470                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles       345649                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           29                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines         1400231                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes       171487                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples     26647580                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.520935                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.761156                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0       23879629     89.61%     89.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1         425990      1.60%     91.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2         210810      0.79%     92.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3         420608      1.58%     93.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4         131239      0.49%     94.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5         390062      1.46%     95.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6          60247      0.23%     95.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7          96482      0.36%     96.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8        1032513      3.87%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total     26647580                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.075746                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.430528                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles       22852840                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles       631908                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles         2762314                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles         2282                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles       398232                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved       202891                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred         2210                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts     13857101                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         5133                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles       398232                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles       22884756                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles        375038                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles       160917                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles         2733095                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles        95538                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts     13836546                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents           15                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents        10491                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents        76832                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands     18107743                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups     62667866                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups     62667866                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps     14646430                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps        3461295                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts         1833                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts          934                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts          206415                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads      2519521                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores       398534                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3439                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores        90531                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded         13764739                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1839                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued        12875132                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         8323                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2511865                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      5161788                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           22                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     26647580                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.483163                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.094285                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     20998642     78.80%     78.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1766488      6.63%     85.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1905636      7.15%     92.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      1104375      4.14%     96.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       560412      2.10%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       139986      0.53%     99.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       164890      0.62%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3879      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3272      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     26647580                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         21110     57.10%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8690     23.51%     80.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         7170     19.39%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10082816     78.31%     78.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        99376      0.77%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          901      0.01%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2297038     17.84%     96.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       395001      3.07%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total     12875132                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.446668                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt             36970                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002871                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     52443136                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16278491                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12546471                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses     12912102                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        10047                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       516563                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           13                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           53                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10227                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles       398232                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles        250278                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11714                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13766596                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1737                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2519521                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       398534                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          932                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4562                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          256                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           53                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       117574                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        67856                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts       185430                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12712827                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2264906                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       162304                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                  18                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs            2659872                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches        1934225                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores           394966                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.441038                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent             12549256                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count            12546471                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers         7599580                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers        16454091                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.435266                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.461866                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10000002                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps     11236447                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2530720                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1817                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts       173783                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26249348                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.428066                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.299140                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     22075480     84.10%     84.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1632346      6.22%     90.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1056361      4.02%     94.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       330838      1.26%     95.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       555653      2.12%     97.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       105558      0.40%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        67635      0.26%     98.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        61163      0.23%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       364314      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26249348                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts     10000002                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps     11236447                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs              2391262                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads             2002955                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars               907                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches          1725938                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts         9812683                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls       138175                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events       364314                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads           39652162                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes          27932913                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                516023                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles               2177241                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts          10000002                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps            11236447                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total     10000002                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.882482                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.882482                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.346923                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.346923                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads       59125608                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes      16325317                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads      14750921                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes         1814                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles               28824821                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups        2379235                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1947364                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       234521                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       977328                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits         933500                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS         244490                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        10631                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles     22876249                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts             13303455                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches           2379235                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches      1177990                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles             2775784                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles        642470                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles       524123                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           24                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines         1402070                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes       234728                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples     26581108                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614685                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.958025                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0       23805324     89.56%     89.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1         129852      0.49%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2         205263      0.77%     90.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3         277327      1.04%     91.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4         285894      1.08%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5         241838      0.91%     93.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6         135175      0.51%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7         200637      0.75%     95.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8        1299798      4.89%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total     26581108                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.082541                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.461528                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles       22645693                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles       756921                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles         2770699                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles         3128                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles       404666                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved       390995                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          262                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts     16324586                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         1524                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles       404666                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles       22708142                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles        151184                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles       464147                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles         2712054                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles       140912                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts     16317872                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents           27                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents        18791                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents        61593                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands     22769312                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups     75908309                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups     75908309                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps     19680100                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps        3089212                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts         3916                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1977                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts          422447                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads      1529905                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores       825913                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads         9602                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores       244179                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded         16294652                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3928                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued        15453128                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2219                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1840624                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4424471                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           30                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     26581108                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581358                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.270276                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     20007021     75.27%     75.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2730404     10.27%     85.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1376750      5.18%     90.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      1014197      3.82%     94.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       799228      3.01%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       327254      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       204680      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       107221      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        14353      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     26581108                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2824     10.71%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead         9940     37.69%     48.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13611     51.61%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12997217     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       230775      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1934      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1400044      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       823158      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total     15453128                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.536105                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt             26375                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001707                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     57515958                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     18139268                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     15217547                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses     15479503                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        31232                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       251635                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            4                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           66                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12809                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles       404666                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles        119880                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13513                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     16298605                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         7562                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1529905                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       825913                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1982                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents        11442                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           66                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       135317                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       133147                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts       268464                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts     15236898                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1316249                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       216230                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                  25                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs            2139345                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches        2164849                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores           823096                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.528603                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent             15217683                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count            15217547                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers         8737926                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers        23549772                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.527932                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.371041                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11472314                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps     14116175                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2182450                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3898                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts       237233                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26176442                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.539270                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.383015                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     20354241     77.76%     77.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2900732     11.08%     88.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1081923      4.13%     92.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       515188      1.97%     94.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       456175      1.74%     96.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       250079      0.96%     97.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       207386      0.79%     98.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        99122      0.38%     98.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       311596      1.19%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26176442                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts     11472314                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps     14116175                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs              2091374                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads             1278270                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars              1946                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches          2035634                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts        12718386                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls       290655                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events       311596                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads           42163393                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes          33001933                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                348699                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles               2243713                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts          11472314                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps            14116175                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total     11472314                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.512555                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.512555                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.398001                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.398001                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads       68567797                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes      21202202                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads      15128010                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes         3892                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles               28824821                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups        2183840                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1953735                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       175389                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1460557                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1435243                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS         128368                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         5286                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles     23136350                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts             12413134                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches           2183840                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches      1563611                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles             2768673                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles        577372                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles       343596                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           29                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines         1400852                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes       171835                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples     26649657                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.521040                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.761314                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0       23880984     89.61%     89.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1         426024      1.60%     91.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2         210914      0.79%     92.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3         420720      1.58%     93.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4         131161      0.49%     94.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5         390272      1.46%     95.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6          60298      0.23%     95.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7          96547      0.36%     96.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8        1032737      3.88%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total     26649657                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.075762                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.430640                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles       22856758                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles       628823                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles         2763035                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles         2240                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles       398797                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved       203123                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred         2211                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts     13860807                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         5134                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles       398797                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles       22888481                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles        372984                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles       160377                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles         2733825                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles        95189                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts     13840081                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents           22                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents        10267                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents        76618                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands     18114322                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups     62685756                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups     62685756                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps     14646471                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps        3467851                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts         1838                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts          939                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts          206036                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads      2519390                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores       398586                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3393                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores        90378                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded         13768376                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1846                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued        12878386                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         8488                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2516020                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      5169478                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           27                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     26649657                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.483248                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.094429                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     21000158     78.80%     78.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1765729      6.63%     85.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1906454      7.15%     92.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      1104197      4.14%     96.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       560826      2.10%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       140403      0.53%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       164704      0.62%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3873      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3313      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     26649657                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         21223     57.13%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8698     23.41%     80.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         7227     19.45%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10085461     78.31%     78.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        99394      0.77%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          901      0.01%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2297583     17.84%     96.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       395047      3.07%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total     12878386                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.446781                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt             37148                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002885                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     52452065                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16286286                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12548768                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses     12915534                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        10026                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       516430                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           20                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           48                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10277                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles       398797                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles        249354                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11543                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13770238                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1772                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2519390                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       398586                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          937                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4471                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          257                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           48                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       117751                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        67970                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts       185721                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12715381                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2264785                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       163005                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                  16                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs            2659796                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches        1934595                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores           395011                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.441126                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent             12551548                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count            12548768                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers         7600845                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers        16461936                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.435346                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.461722                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10000023                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps     11236473                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2534334                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1819                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts       174118                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26250860                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.428042                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.299199                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     22077199     84.10%     84.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1632602      6.22%     90.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1056070      4.02%     94.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       330371      1.26%     95.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       555747      2.12%     97.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       105639      0.40%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        67645      0.26%     98.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        61131      0.23%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       364456      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26250860                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts     10000023                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps     11236473                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs              2391269                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads             2002960                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars               907                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches          1725942                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts         9812707                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls       138176                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events       364456                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads           39657172                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes          27940745                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                516363                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles               2175164                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts          10000023                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps            11236473                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total     10000023                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.882475                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.882475                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.346924                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.346924                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads       59135346                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes      16329981                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads      14753806                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes         1818                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles               28824453                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups        2244028                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted      2024331                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       119470                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       865244                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits         799674                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS         123860                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         5330                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles     23748395                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts             14109293                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches           2244028                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches       923534                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles             2788690                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles        375719                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles       579636                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines         1365011                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes       119850                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples     27370021                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.604806                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.933171                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0       24581331     89.81%     89.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1          98891      0.36%     90.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2         203995      0.75%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3          84817      0.31%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4         463370      1.69%     92.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5         411980      1.51%     94.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6          79401      0.29%     94.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7         167441      0.61%     95.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8        1278795      4.67%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total     27370021                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.077852                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.489490                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles       23614071                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles       715742                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles         2778337                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles         8817                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles       253049                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved       197311                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          252                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts     16543251                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         1506                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles       253049                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles       23639006                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles        515745                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles       123578                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles         2763849                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles        74789                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts     16533064                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents           16                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents        31501                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents        27347                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.FullRegisterEvents          388                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands     19420941                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups     77862375                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups     77862375                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps     17192290                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps        2228569                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts         1930                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts          982                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts          191323                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads      3896970                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores      1969972                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads        17961                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores        96387                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded         16498137                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1936                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued        15854199                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         8609                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1289809                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3092341                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           25                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     27370021                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579254                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.376778                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     21740015     79.43%     79.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1681998      6.15%     85.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1385817      5.06%     90.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       598464      2.19%     92.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       758655      2.77%     95.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       734216      2.68%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       417236      1.52%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        32901      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        20719      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     27370021                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         40124     11.09%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead       312440     86.39%     97.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         9088      2.51%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      9950171     62.76%     62.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       138502      0.87%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          948      0.01%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3799113     23.96%     87.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1965465     12.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total     15854199                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.550026                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt            361652                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022811                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     59448680                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     17790297                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     15717016                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses     16215851                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        28608                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       153132                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           70                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          418                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12579                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1402                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles       253049                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles        473872                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles        20980                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     16500088                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          175                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3896970                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1969972                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          982                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents        14342                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            9                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          418                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        68493                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        71298                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts       139791                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts     15742039                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3786187                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       112160                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                  15                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs            5751459                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches        2062862                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores          1965272                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.546135                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent             15717656                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count            15717016                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers         8488866                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers        16727013                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.545267                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.507494                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts     12760028                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps     14995074                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1506673                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1911                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts       121869                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     27116972                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.552977                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.376765                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     21680992     79.95%     79.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1982883      7.31%     87.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       930493      3.43%     90.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       920494      3.39%     94.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       249423      0.92%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1070169      3.95%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        80291      0.30%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        58376      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       143851      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     27116972                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts     12760028                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps     14995074                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs              5701210                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads             3743826                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars               954                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches          1980638                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts        13333870                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls       145284                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events       143851                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads           43474829                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes          33256663                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                522098                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles               1454432                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts          12760028                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps            14995074                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total     12760028                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.258965                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.258965                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.442681                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.442681                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads       77814327                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes      18258931                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads      19691399                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes         1908                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles               28824821                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups        2607874                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted      2171350                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       238592                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1000411                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits         952518                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS         279996                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        11134                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles     22685599                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts             14302059                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches           2607874                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches      1232514                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles             2980326                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles        664117                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles       793796                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines         1410063                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes       228150                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples     26883068                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.653696                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.028670                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0       23902742     88.91%     88.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1         182894      0.68%     89.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2         230844      0.86%     90.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3         366761      1.36%     91.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4         152927      0.57%     92.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5         197573      0.73%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6         230042      0.86%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7         105604      0.39%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8        1513681      5.63%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total     26883068                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.090473                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.496172                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles       22551209                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles       941077                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles         2966169                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles         1522                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles       423086                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved       396730                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          261                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts     17478052                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         1484                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles       423086                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles       22574608                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles         73696                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles       803025                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles         2944274                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles        64369                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts     17370213                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents           21                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents         9326                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents        44681                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands     24265738                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups     80771071                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups     80771071                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps     20290036                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps        3975702                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts         4200                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2187                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts          228971                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads      1625094                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores       850091                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads         9644                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores       191180                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded         16958493                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         4214                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued        16266142                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        16568                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2064236                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4202442                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          158                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     26883068                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.605070                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326219                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19991221     74.36%     74.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      3143222     11.69%     86.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1285019      4.78%     90.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       720601      2.68%     93.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       975849      3.63%     97.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       299456      1.11%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       296058      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       159081      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        12561      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     26883068                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        112445     79.21%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead        14971     10.55%     89.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        14547     10.25%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     13703749     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       222139      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         2012      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1491053      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       847189      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total     16266142                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.564310                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt            141963                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008728                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     59573883                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     19027039                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     15841296                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses     16408105                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        12013                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       306291                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            7                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           97                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12043                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles       423086                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles         56222                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles         7157                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     16962713                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        13048                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1625094                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       850091                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2188                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents         6279                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            5                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           97                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       140400                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       134144                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts       274544                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts     15981564                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1466569                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       284578                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs            2313638                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches        2260115                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores           847069                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.554438                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent             15841396                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count            15841296                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers         9491070                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers        25488105                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.549571                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.372373                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11803930                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps     14545338                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2417484                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         4056                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts       240446                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26459982                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.549711                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.370099                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     20303801     76.73%     76.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      3120338     11.79%     88.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1132141      4.28%     92.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       564418      2.13%     94.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       516037      1.95%     96.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       217261      0.82%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       214459      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       101959      0.39%     98.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       289568      1.09%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26459982                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts     11803930                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps     14545338                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs              2156851                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads             1318803                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars              2024                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches          2108333                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts        13095524                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls       300345                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events       289568                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads           43133158                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes          34348743                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                345642                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles               1941753                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts          11803930                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps            14545338                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total     11803930                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.441968                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.441968                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.409506                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.409506                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads       71910913                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes      22139540                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads      16167126                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes         4052                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles               28824821                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups        2183535                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1953429                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       175401                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1459439                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1434466                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS         128265                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         5256                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles     23136598                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts             12413922                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches           2183535                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches      1562731                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles             2768051                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles        577551                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles       344757                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           29                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines         1400760                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes       171855                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples     26650612                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.520999                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.761376                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0       23882561     89.61%     89.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1         425785      1.60%     91.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2         211017      0.79%     92.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3         420456      1.58%     93.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4         130846      0.49%     94.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5         389864      1.46%     95.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6          60449      0.23%     95.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7          96714      0.36%     96.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8        1032920      3.88%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total     26650612                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.075752                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.430668                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles       22851121                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles       635858                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles         2762370                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles         2298                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles       398961                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved       202989                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred         2215                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts     13860174                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         5143                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles       398961                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles       22883470                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles        376125                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles       162202                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles         2732809                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles        97041                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts     13839362                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents           21                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents        10432                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents        78271                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands     18112669                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups     62681357                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups     62681357                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps     14642770                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps        3469899                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts         1841                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts          941                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts          209309                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads      2518924                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores       398648                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3548                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores        90882                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded         13766335                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1849                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued        12875436                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         8601                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2516109                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      5172242                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           30                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     26650612                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.483120                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.094304                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     21001678     78.80%     78.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1767208      6.63%     85.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1904450      7.15%     92.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      1104369      4.14%     96.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       560736      2.10%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       140212      0.53%     99.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       164769      0.62%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3917      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3273      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     26650612                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         21288     57.32%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8682     23.38%     80.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         7169     19.30%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10082353     78.31%     78.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        99395      0.77%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          901      0.01%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2297723     17.85%     96.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       395064      3.07%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total     12875436                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.446679                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt             37139                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002884                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     52447224                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16284336                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12545584                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses     12912575                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        10018                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       516198                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           20                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           45                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10484                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles       398961                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles        249177                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11774                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13768203                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1761                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2518924                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       398648                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          940                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4533                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          263                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           45                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       117661                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        68153                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts       185814                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12712381                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2265209                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       163055                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                  19                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs            2660236                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches        1933754                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores           395027                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.441022                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent             12548545                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count            12545584                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers         7598568                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers        16453174                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.435235                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.461830                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9997881                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps     11233835                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2534931                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1819                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts       174127                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26251651                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.427929                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.298891                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     22078423     84.10%     84.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1632564      6.22%     90.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1055750      4.02%     94.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       330475      1.26%     95.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       555921      2.12%     97.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       105703      0.40%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        67592      0.26%     98.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        61189      0.23%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       364034      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26251651                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts      9997881                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps     11233835                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs              2390890                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads             2002726                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars               907                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches          1725565                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts         9810338                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls       138124                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events       364034                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads           39656344                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes          27936826                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                516039                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles               2174209                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts           9997881                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps            11233835                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total      9997881                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.883093                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.883093                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.346850                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.346850                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads       59123666                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes      16324132                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads      14754925                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes         1818                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles               28824821                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups        2333405                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1908237                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       230244                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       987789                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits         921854                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS         239559                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        10200                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles     22673978                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts             13233128                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches           2333405                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches      1161413                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles             2773452                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles        665167                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles       401670                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines         1395586                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes       231960                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples     26278990                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615404                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.966296                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0       23505538     89.45%     89.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1         149902      0.57%     90.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2         237687      0.90%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3         376684      1.43%     92.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4         157555      0.60%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5         177104      0.67%     93.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6         186106      0.71%     94.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7         122808      0.47%     94.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8        1365606      5.20%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total     26278990                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.080951                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.459088                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles       22468904                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles       608782                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles         2764662                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles         7048                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles       429592                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved       382405                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          277                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts     16159656                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         1640                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles       429592                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles       22502067                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles        194572                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles       316773                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles         2739031                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles        96953                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts     16149529                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents         3113                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents        27451                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents        36380                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.FullRegisterEvents         4773                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands     22416419                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups     75122344                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups     75122344                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps     19142724                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps        3273695                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts         4093                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2242                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts          294383                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads      1541394                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores       828204                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads        24792                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores       188145                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded         16126176                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         4104                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued        15268847                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18955                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2041113                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4520240                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          373                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     26278990                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581029                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.272702                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19839273     75.49%     75.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2585285      9.84%     85.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1413728      5.38%     90.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       963631      3.67%     94.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       899928      3.42%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       260147      0.99%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       201290      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        68638      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        47070      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     26278990                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3533     12.47%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead        10934     38.59%     51.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13868     48.94%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12790820     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       240881      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1850      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1411949      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       823347      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total     15268847                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.529712                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt             28335                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001856                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     56863974                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     18171589                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     15022357                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses     15297182                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        45949                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       278002                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           32                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          200                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        25205                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          976                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles       429592                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles        131853                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13513                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     16130307                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1142                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1541394                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       828204                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2241                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9918                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            2                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          200                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       134456                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       131188                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts       265644                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts     15051447                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1328956                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       217400                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                  27                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs            2151925                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches        2117729                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores           822969                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.522170                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent             15022591                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count            15022357                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers         8783615                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers        22945403                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.521160                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.382805                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11244022                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps     13782318                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2348047                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3731                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts       234883                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     25849398                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533178                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.386254                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     20250986     78.34%     78.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2712304     10.49%     88.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1056410      4.09%     92.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       568061      2.20%     95.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       425901      1.65%     96.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       237637      0.92%     97.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       146295      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       130980      0.51%     98.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       320824      1.24%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     25849398                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts     11244022                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps     13782318                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs              2066391                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads             1263392                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars              1862                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches          1978334                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts        12418938                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls       279971                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events       320824                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads           41658861                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes          32690360                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                367464                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles               2545831                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts          11244022                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps            13782318                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total     11244022                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.563569                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.563569                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.390081                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.390081                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads       67878198                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes      20823351                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads      15073394                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes         3726                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles               28824821                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups        2241583                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted      2022307                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       120030                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       947482                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits         799737                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS         123849                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         5359                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles     23746186                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts             14094758                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches           2241583                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches       923586                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles             2786791                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles        376081                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles       575971                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines         1365494                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes       120467                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples     27362038                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.604408                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.932344                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0       24575247     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1          99054      0.36%     90.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2         203173      0.74%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3          85365      0.31%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4         463532      1.69%     92.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5         411930      1.51%     94.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6          80202      0.29%     94.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7         166940      0.61%     95.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8        1276595      4.67%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total     27362038                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.077766                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.488980                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles       23612857                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles       711056                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles         2776458                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles         8818                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles       252844                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved       196911                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          246                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts     16527780                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         1490                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles       252844                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles       23637396                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles        512822                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles       122437                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles         2762295                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles        74239                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts     16517645                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents           17                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents        31533                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents        26970                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.FullRegisterEvents          473                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands     19399204                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups     77791945                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups     77791945                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps     17175581                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps        2223606                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts         1926                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts          979                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts          189064                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads      3896980                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores      1969596                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads        18101                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores        96811                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded         16482949                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1933                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued        15843766                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         8681                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1283695                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3072415                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           22                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     27362038                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579042                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.376519                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     21734136     79.43%     79.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1683420      6.15%     85.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1384794      5.06%     90.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       597380      2.18%     92.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       757777      2.77%     95.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       733875      2.68%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       417166      1.52%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        32781      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        20709      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     27362038                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         40127     11.10%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead       312427     86.40%     97.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         9070      2.51%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      9941192     62.75%     62.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       138173      0.87%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          947      0.01%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3798676     23.98%     87.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1964778     12.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total     15843766                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.549657                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt            361624                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022824                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     59419874                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     17768996                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     15706004                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses     16205390                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        28390                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       154266                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           75                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          422                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12900                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1404                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles       252844                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles        471190                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles        20771                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     16484900                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          180                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3896980                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1969596                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          979                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents        14112                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           12                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          422                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        69363                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        71033                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts       140396                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts     15731029                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3785229                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       112736                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                  18                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs            5749799                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches        2061323                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores          1964570                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.545746                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent             15706628                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count            15706004                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers         8482518                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers        16710244                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.544878                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.507624                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts     12750347                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps     14983024                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1503511                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1911                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts       122442                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     27109194                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.552692                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.376284                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     21676853     79.96%     79.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1981478      7.31%     87.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       930198      3.43%     90.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       919827      3.39%     94.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       249390      0.92%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1069752      3.95%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        80039      0.30%     99.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        58141      0.21%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       143516      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     27109194                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts     12750347                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps     14983024                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs              5699410                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads             3742714                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars               954                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches          1978852                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts        13323028                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls       145021                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events       143516                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads           43452174                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes          33225960                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                522537                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles               1462783                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts          12750347                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps            14983024                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total     12750347                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.260709                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.260709                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.442339                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.442339                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads       77765508                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes      18243847                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads      19675444                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes         1908                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles               28824821                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups        2610341                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted      2172798                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       238610                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       999057                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits         952980                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS         279798                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        11148                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles     22699973                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts             14317783                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches           2610341                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches      1232778                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles             2983437                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles        663979                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles       794093                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines         1410814                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes       227969                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples     26900696                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.653934                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.029081                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0       23917259     88.91%     88.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1         183470      0.68%     89.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2         231246      0.86%     90.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3         367094      1.36%     91.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4         152633      0.57%     92.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5         197444      0.73%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6         230216      0.86%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7         105695      0.39%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8        1515639      5.63%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total     26900696                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.090559                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.496717                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles       22566177                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles       941024                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles         2969076                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles         1479                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles       422935                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved       397708                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          258                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts     17494287                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         1456                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles       422935                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles       22589617                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles         73534                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles       803328                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles         2947135                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles        64137                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts     17385508                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents           24                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents         9203                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents        44604                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands     24284522                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups     80837378                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups     80837378                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps     20303660                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps        3980862                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts         4205                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2190                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts          227563                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads      1625642                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores       851096                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads         9539                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores       191182                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded         16970366                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         4219                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued        16276588                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        16622                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2065159                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4203744                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          159                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     26900696                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.605062                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326269                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     20004840     74.37%     74.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      3144133     11.69%     86.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1287428      4.79%     90.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       720075      2.68%     93.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       976386      3.63%     97.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       299724      1.11%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       296291      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       159088      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        12731      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     26900696                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        112627     79.22%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead        14969     10.53%     89.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        14572     10.25%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     13713270     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       222302      1.37%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         2014      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1490845      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       848157      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total     16276588                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.564673                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt            142168                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008735                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     59612662                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     19039846                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     15852688                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses     16418756                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        11855                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       305940                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           15                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          105                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12458                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles       422935                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles         56254                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles         7185                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     16974587                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        13161                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1625642                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       851096                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2191                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents         6297                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            6                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          105                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       140054                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       134435                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts       274489                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts     15992611                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1467008                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       283977                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                   2                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs            2315055                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches        2261984                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores           848047                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.554821                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent             15852803                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count            15852688                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers         9496251                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers        25500020                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.549967                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.372402                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11811926                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps     14555165                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2419498                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         4060                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts       240459                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26477761                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.549713                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.370030                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     20317631     76.73%     76.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      3122050     11.79%     88.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1132287      4.28%     92.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       565837      2.14%     94.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       516136      1.95%     96.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       217451      0.82%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       214736      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       102249      0.39%     98.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       289384      1.09%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26477761                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts     11811926                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps     14555165                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs              2158340                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads             1319702                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars              2026                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches          2109750                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts        13104390                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls       300551                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events       289384                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads           43162962                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes          34372277                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                345772                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles               1924125                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts          11811926                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps            14555165                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total     11811926                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.440315                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.440315                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.409783                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.409783                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads       71958638                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes      22151814                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads      16184408                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes         4056                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles               28824821                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups        2183977                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1953903                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       175513                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1463547                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1434919                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS         128120                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         5254                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles     23138590                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts             12413160                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches           2183977                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches      1563039                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles             2768552                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles        577390                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles       342953                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           29                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines         1400962                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes       171983                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples     26651038                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.520949                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.761190                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0       23882486     89.61%     89.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1         426002      1.60%     91.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2         211447      0.79%     92.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3         420687      1.58%     93.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4         130806      0.49%     94.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5         390081      1.46%     95.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6          60277      0.23%     95.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7          96422      0.36%     96.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8        1032830      3.88%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total     26651038                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.075767                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.430641                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles       22854390                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles       632748                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles         2762936                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles         2260                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles       398700                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved       202991                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred         2213                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts     13859232                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         5122                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles       398700                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles       22886703                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles        376235                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles       159559                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles         2733377                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles        96460                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts     13838460                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents           21                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents        10572                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents        77642                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands     18113781                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups     62674346                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups     62674346                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps     14645305                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps        3468476                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts         1830                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts          931                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts          207934                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads      2518394                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores       398454                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3407                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores        90849                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded         13765482                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1837                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued        12875882                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         8592                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2513362                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      5161266                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           19                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     26651038                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.483129                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.094274                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     21001340     78.80%     78.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1767421      6.63%     85.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1905802      7.15%     92.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      1103854      4.14%     96.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       560655      2.10%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       139523      0.52%     99.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       165315      0.62%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3854      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3274      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     26651038                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         21329     57.36%     57.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8678     23.34%     80.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         7179     19.31%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10083795     78.32%     78.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        99354      0.77%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          901      0.01%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2296844     17.84%     96.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       394988      3.07%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total     12875882                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.446694                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt             37186                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002888                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     52448580                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16280720                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12546459                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses     12913068                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         9980                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       515512                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           10                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           41                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10190                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles       398700                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles        249479                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11754                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13767336                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1831                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2518394                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       398454                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          929                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4485                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          247                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           41                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       117800                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        68118                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts       185918                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12712992                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2264833                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       162890                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                  17                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs            2659777                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches        1934409                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores           394944                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.441043                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent             12549345                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count            12546459                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers         7599651                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers        16452046                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.435266                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.461927                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9999346                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps     11235641                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2532251                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1818                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts       174235                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26252338                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.427986                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.299086                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     22078519     84.10%     84.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1632949      6.22%     90.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1056062      4.02%     94.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       330619      1.26%     95.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       555499      2.12%     97.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       105426      0.40%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        67681      0.26%     98.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        61165      0.23%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       364418      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26252338                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts      9999346                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps     11235641                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs              2391146                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads             2002882                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars               907                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches          1725833                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts         9811949                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls       138158                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events       364418                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads           39655773                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes          27934810                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                516268                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles               2173783                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts           9999346                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps            11235641                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total      9999346                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.882671                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.882671                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.346901                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.346901                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads       59124676                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes      16327092                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads      14753929                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes         1816                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles               28824821                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups        2181657                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1951751                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       175372                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1458836                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1433532                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS         128128                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         5234                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles     23124850                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts             12401978                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches           2181657                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches      1561660                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles             2765948                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles        577175                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles       345292                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           29                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines         1400058                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes       171816                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples     26636953                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.520800                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.761092                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0       23871005     89.62%     89.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1         426061      1.60%     91.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2         210775      0.79%     92.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3         420041      1.58%     93.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4         130667      0.49%     94.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5         389389      1.46%     95.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6          60079      0.23%     95.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7          96788      0.36%     96.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8        1032148      3.87%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total     26636953                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.075687                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.430253                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles       22840481                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles       635229                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles         2760336                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles         2282                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles       398621                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved       202915                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred         2213                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts     13848194                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         5125                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles       398621                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles       22872730                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles        377368                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles       160944                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles         2730881                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles        96405                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts     13827255                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents           22                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents        10539                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents        77619                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands     18095047                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups     62625698                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups     62625698                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps     14631579                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps        3463448                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts         1839                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts          940                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts          207559                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads      2518099                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores       398106                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3388                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores        90320                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded         13755325                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1845                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued        12866326                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         8478                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2513877                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      5161510                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           30                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     26636953                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.483025                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.094191                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     20991664     78.81%     78.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1766700      6.63%     85.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1903131      7.14%     92.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      1102151      4.14%     96.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       561432      2.11%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       140597      0.53%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       164055      0.62%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3916      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3307      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     26636953                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         21166     57.22%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8645     23.37%     80.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         7177     19.40%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10076078     78.31%     78.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        99257      0.77%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          900      0.01%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2295460     17.84%     96.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       394631      3.07%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total     12866326                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.446363                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt             36988                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002875                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     52415071                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16271090                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12536316                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses     12903314                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         9751                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       517225                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           13                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           49                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10142                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles       398621                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles        250651                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11752                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13757184                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1787                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2518099                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       398106                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          938                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4483                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          261                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           49                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       117460                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        67986                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts       185446                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12702917                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2263010                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       163409                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                  14                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs            2657607                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches        1932533                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores           394597                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.440694                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent             12539104                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count            12536316                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers         7593105                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers        16441004                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.434914                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.461839                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9989767                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps     11225133                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2532607                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1815                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts       174097                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26238332                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.427814                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.298640                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     22068011     84.11%     84.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1631193      6.22%     90.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1055202      4.02%     94.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       330863      1.26%     95.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       555069      2.12%     97.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       105635      0.40%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        67628      0.26%     98.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        61120      0.23%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       363611      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26238332                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts      9989767                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps     11225133                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs              2388833                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads             2000869                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars               905                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches          1724232                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts         9802841                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls       138066                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events       363611                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads           39632422                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes          27914459                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                515926                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles               2187868                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts           9989767                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps            11225133                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total      9989767                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.885435                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.885435                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.346568                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.346568                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads       59077904                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes      16312656                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads      14740618                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes         1814                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles               28824821                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups        2242753                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted      2023100                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       119244                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       854981                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits         799022                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS         123704                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         5301                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles     23750701                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts             14100206                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches           2242753                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches       922726                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles             2786249                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles        374367                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles       573710                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines         1364802                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes       119620                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples     27362831                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.604557                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.932809                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0       24576582     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1          98394      0.36%     90.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2         203414      0.74%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3          84796      0.31%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4         462772      1.69%     92.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5         412014      1.51%     94.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6          79651      0.29%     94.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7         167943      0.61%     95.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8        1277265      4.67%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total     27362831                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.077806                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.489169                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles       23616351                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles       709804                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles         2776045                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles         8705                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles       251921                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved       197282                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          250                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts     16532247                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         1509                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles       251921                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles       23641284                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles        510044                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles       123572                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles         2761409                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles        74596                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts     16522352                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents           12                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents        30965                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents        27492                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.FullRegisterEvents          463                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands     19405753                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups     77813633                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups     77813633                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps     17191667                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps        2214076                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts         1932                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts          983                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts          191079                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads      3895751                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores      1969817                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads        18040                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores        95759                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded         16488569                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1938                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued        15848259                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         8398                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1282064                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3075102                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           27                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     27362831                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579189                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.376717                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     21734190     79.43%     79.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1682555      6.15%     85.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1385093      5.06%     90.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       598505      2.19%     92.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       757932      2.77%     95.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       733516      2.68%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       417393      1.53%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        32839      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        20808      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     27362831                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         40050     11.08%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead       312323     86.41%     97.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         9061      2.51%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      9945312     62.75%     62.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       138447      0.87%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          948      0.01%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3798312     23.97%     87.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1965240     12.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total     15848259                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.549813                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt            361434                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022806                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     59429181                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     17772981                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     15711896                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses     16209693                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        28189                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       151980                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           73                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          412                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12467                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1402                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles       251921                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles        468735                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles        20874                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     16490525                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          217                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3895751                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1969817                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          984                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents        14276                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           12                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          412                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        68338                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        71167                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts       139505                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts     15736621                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3785112                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       111638                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                  18                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs            5750159                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches        2062271                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores          1965047                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.545940                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent             15712523                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count            15711896                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers         8485100                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers        16717438                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.545082                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.507560                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts     12759645                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps     14994574                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1497658                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1911                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts       121644                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     27110910                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553083                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.376768                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     21674789     79.95%     79.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1982878      7.31%     87.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       930655      3.43%     90.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       920048      3.39%     94.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       250237      0.92%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1070258      3.95%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        79976      0.29%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        58404      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       143665      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     27110910                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts     12759645                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps     14994574                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs              5701119                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads             3743769                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars               954                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches          1980551                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts        13333407                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls       145263                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events       143665                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads           43459438                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes          33236428                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                521876                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles               1461990                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts          12759645                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps            14994574                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total     12759645                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.259061                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.259061                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.442662                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.442662                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads       77789641                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes      18253149                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads      19681301                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes         1908                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles               28824821                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups        2182913                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1952826                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       175301                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1463957                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1435524                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS         128188                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         5270                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles     23132865                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts             12407037                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches           2182913                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches      1563712                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles             2767636                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles        576919                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles       343700                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           29                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines         1400537                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes       171716                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples     26644884                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.520806                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.760813                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0       23877248     89.61%     89.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1         426153      1.60%     91.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2         210793      0.79%     92.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3         420625      1.58%     93.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4         131572      0.49%     94.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5         390017      1.46%     95.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6          60171      0.23%     95.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7          96643      0.36%     96.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8        1031662      3.87%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total     26644884                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.075730                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.430429                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles       22851961                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles       630215                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles         2762068                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles         2197                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles       398439                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved       203072                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred         2214                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts     13852194                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         5165                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles       398439                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles       22883857                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles        373722                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles       160877                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles         2732792                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles        95193                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts     13831874                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents           13                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents        10431                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents        76519                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands     18102542                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups     62644046                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups     62644046                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps     14638872                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps        3463647                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts         1830                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts          931                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts          205381                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads      2517966                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores       398233                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3179                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores        90391                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded         13759148                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1838                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued        12869409                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         8437                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2511661                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      5161966                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           20                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     26644884                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.482997                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.093966                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     20997223     78.80%     78.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1766830      6.63%     85.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1905168      7.15%     92.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      1103758      4.14%     96.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       560489      2.10%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       139993      0.53%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       164224      0.62%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3888      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3311      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     26644884                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         21194     57.23%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8668     23.41%     80.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         7171     19.36%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10078203     78.31%     78.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        99183      0.77%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          900      0.01%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2296398     17.84%     96.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       394725      3.07%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total     12869409                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.446470                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt             37033                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002878                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     52429171                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16272682                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12540172                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses     12906442                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         9831                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       515497                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           21                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           38                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10245                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles       398439                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles        249018                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11780                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13760998                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1797                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2517966                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       398233                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          930                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4635                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          262                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           38                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       117975                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        67497                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts       185472                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12706375                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2263977                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       163033                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                  12                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs            2658662                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches        1933454                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores           394685                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.440814                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent             12542992                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count            12540172                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers         7594849                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers        16440405                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.435048                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.461962                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9995620                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps     11231036                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2530501                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1818                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts       174025                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26246445                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.427907                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.298866                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     22073912     84.10%     84.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1632562      6.22%     90.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1055797      4.02%     94.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       330127      1.26%     95.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       555686      2.12%     97.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       105675      0.40%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        67471      0.26%     98.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        61166      0.23%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       364049      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26246445                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts      9995620                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps     11231036                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs              2390453                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads             2002465                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars               907                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches          1725151                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts         9807837                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls       138072                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events       364049                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads           39643894                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes          27921855                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                516189                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles               2179937                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts           9995620                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps            11231036                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total      9995620                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.883745                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.883745                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.346771                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.346771                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads       59094541                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes      16316996                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads      14747126                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes         1816                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles               28824821                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups        2379810                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1947723                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       234111                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       978136                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits         934227                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS         244806                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        10655                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles     22884321                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts             13306508                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches           2379810                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches      1179033                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles             2777345                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles        640859                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles       524695                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           24                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines         1402033                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes       234248                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples     26590111                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614619                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.957788                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0       23812766     89.55%     89.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1         130069      0.49%     90.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2         205910      0.77%     90.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3         277783      1.04%     91.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4         286145      1.08%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5         242155      0.91%     93.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6         134896      0.51%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7         200287      0.75%     95.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8        1300100      4.89%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total     26590111                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.082561                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.461634                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles       22653592                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles       757704                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles         2772132                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles         3219                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles       403463                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved       391182                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          264                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts     16328147                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         1540                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles       403463                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles       22715857                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles        151744                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles       464470                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles         2713702                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles       140872                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts     16321596                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents           23                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents        18989                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents        61524                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands     22776915                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups     75926743                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups     75926743                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps     19699693                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps        3077222                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts         3939                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2003                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts          422738                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads      1530024                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores       826475                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads         9675                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores       221969                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded         16298394                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3953                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued        15461374                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2202                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1830760                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4401605                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           50                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     26590111                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581471                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.271196                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     20029175     75.33%     75.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2710844     10.19%     85.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1371485      5.16%     90.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      1021869      3.84%     94.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       803341      3.02%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       326989      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       205386      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       106848      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        14174      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     26590111                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3033     11.60%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead         9972     38.13%     49.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13150     50.28%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     13003453     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       231039      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1935      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1401132      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       823815      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total     15461374                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.536391                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt             26155                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001692                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     57541216                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     18133177                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     15226164                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses     15487529                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        31992                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       250491                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            7                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           73                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12592                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles       403463                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles        120291                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13479                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     16302374                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         7303                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1530024                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       826475                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2004                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents        11443                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           73                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       135386                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       132568                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts       267954                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts     15245573                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1317798                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       215801                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                  27                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs            2141544                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches        2166411                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores           823746                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.528904                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent             15226296                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count            15226164                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers         8742877                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers        23560090                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.528231                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.371088                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11483684                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps     14130132                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2172257                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3903                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts       236823                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26186648                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.539593                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.385781                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     20372738     77.80%     77.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2890758     11.04%     88.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1084583      4.14%     92.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       515380      1.97%     94.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       446477      1.70%     96.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       249597      0.95%     97.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       213919      0.82%     98.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        98907      0.38%     98.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       314289      1.20%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26186648                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts     11483684                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps     14130132                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs              2093416                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads             1279533                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars              1948                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches          2037637                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts        12730945                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls       290932                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events       314289                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads           42174670                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes          33008258                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                348507                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles               2234710                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts          11483684                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps            14130132                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total     11483684                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.510067                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.510067                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.398396                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.398396                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads       68607836                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes      21214463                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads      15132923                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes         3898                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles               28824821                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups        2610200                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted      2172553                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       238633                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       998288                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits         952549                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS         280221                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        11097                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles     22693151                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts             14317465                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches           2610200                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches      1232770                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles             2983310                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles        664676                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles       795369                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines         1410677                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes       228130                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples     26895698                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.654130                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.029304                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0       23912388     88.91%     88.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1         183381      0.68%     89.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2         230211      0.86%     90.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3         366946      1.36%     91.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4         152926      0.57%     92.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5         198230      0.74%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6         230659      0.86%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7         105832      0.39%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8        1515125      5.63%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total     26895698                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.090554                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.496706                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles       22559519                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles       942018                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles         2969113                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles         1433                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles       423610                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved       397856                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          258                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts     17497282                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         1477                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles       423610                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles       22582915                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles         73120                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles       804774                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles         2947179                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles        64090                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts     17388874                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents           22                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents         9070                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents        44745                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands     24288180                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups     80854187                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups     80854187                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps     20299215                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps        3988914                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts         4201                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2187                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts          228416                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads      1626973                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores       851361                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads         9727                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores       191325                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded         16975397                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         4214                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued        16280804                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        16835                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2070363                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4217630                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          158                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     26895698                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.605331                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326709                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     20000394     74.36%     74.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      3142786     11.69%     86.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1287073      4.79%     90.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       719457      2.67%     93.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       977403      3.63%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       300122      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       296483      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       159459      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        12521      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     26895698                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        112422     79.13%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead        15081     10.61%     89.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        14572     10.26%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     13715547     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       222323      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         2013      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1492480      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       848441      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total     16280804                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.564819                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt            142075                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008727                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     59616213                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     19050085                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     15854982                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses     16422879                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        12028                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       307572                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          112                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12929                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles       423610                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles         55819                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles         7139                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     16979614                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        13138                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1626973                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       851361                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2188                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents         6254                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            4                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          112                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       139734                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       134626                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts       274360                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts     15995762                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1467485                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       285039                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                   3                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs            2315823                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches        2262082                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores           848338                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.554930                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent             15855078                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count            15854982                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers         9497820                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers        25506748                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.550046                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.372365                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11809282                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps     14551960                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2427721                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         4056                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts       240476                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26472088                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.549710                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.370209                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     20314008     76.74%     76.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      3121327     11.79%     88.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1131525      4.27%     92.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       565148      2.13%     94.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       516256      1.95%     96.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       217376      0.82%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       214653      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       102043      0.39%     98.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       289752      1.09%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26472088                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts     11809282                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps     14551960                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs              2157833                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads             1319401                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars              2024                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches          2109311                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts        13101472                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls       300483                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events       289752                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads           43161939                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes          34383016                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                345597                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles               1929123                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts          11809282                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps            14551960                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total     11809282                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.440861                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.440861                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.409691                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.409691                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads       71970781                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes      22155297                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads      16184037                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes         4052                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles               28824821                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups        2337369                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1916611                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       232195                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       957866                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits         911577                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS         239911                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        10293                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles     22393498                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts             13296445                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches           2337369                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches      1151488                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles             2925297                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles        656546                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles       757746                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines         1381399                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes       230602                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples     26497279                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.613747                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.964302                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0       23571982     88.96%     88.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1         317539      1.20%     90.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2         367757      1.39%     91.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3         201264      0.76%     92.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4         230262      0.87%     93.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5         127454      0.48%     93.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6          87500      0.33%     93.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7         225695      0.85%     94.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8        1367826      5.16%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total     26497279                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.081089                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.461285                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles       22209937                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles       944965                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles         2900657                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles        23323                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles       418393                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved       379245                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred         2346                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts     16234121                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts        12034                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles       418393                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles       22245758                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles        253153                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles       593315                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles         2889493                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles        97163                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts     16224069                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents           16                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents        22815                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents        46539                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands     22560876                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups     75548306                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups     75548306                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps     19265374                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps        3295493                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts         4238                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2357                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts          264698                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads      1548392                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores       843025                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads        21953                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores       185058                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded         16198400                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         4246                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued        15314869                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        20203                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2014069                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4652589                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          463                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     26497279                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577979                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.267834                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     20043878     75.65%     75.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2595203      9.79%     85.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1396686      5.27%     90.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       965811      3.64%     94.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       841994      3.18%     97.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       430143      1.62%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       105396      0.40%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        67550      0.25%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        50618      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     26497279                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3751     11.37%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead        14405     43.66%     55.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        14839     44.97%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12821691     83.72%     83.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       239525      1.56%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1876      0.01%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1414687      9.24%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       837090      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total     15314869                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.531308                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt             32995                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002154                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     57180215                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     18216889                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     15058099                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses     15347864                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        38381                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       272255                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           89                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          177                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        17678                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          938                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles       418393                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles        200965                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles        14539                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     16202673                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         6100                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1548392                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       843025                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2357                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents        10460                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          177                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       134541                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       130146                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts       264687                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts     15085651                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1328559                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       229218                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                  27                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs            2165398                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches        2111914                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores           836839                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.523356                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent             15058360                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count            15058099                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers         8951599                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers        23445026                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.522400                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.381812                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11312186                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps     13878939                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2323893                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3783                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts       233350                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26078886                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.532191                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.351161                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     20409784     78.26%     78.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2628756     10.08%     88.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1102681      4.23%     92.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       660254      2.53%     95.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       458530      1.76%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       296382      1.14%     98.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       154236      0.59%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       123491      0.47%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       244772      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26078886                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts     11312186                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps     13878939                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs              2101484                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads             1276137                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars              1888                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches          1986644                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts        12512079                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls       282357                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events       244772                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads           42036868                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes          32824079                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                344845                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles               2327542                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts          11312186                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps            13878939                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total     11312186                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.548121                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.548121                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.392446                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.392446                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads       68047942                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes      20908251                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads      15147775                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes         3778                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.replacements                          36311                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tagsinuse                      32763.183164                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.total_refs                          1735190                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.sampled_refs                          69070                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.avg_refs                          25.122195                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.warmup_cycle                              0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           279.426252                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    20.594868                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   867.682623                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    23.981031                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   675.238143                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    20.574447                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   889.745768                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    20.413728                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data  1549.087995                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    21.819593                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   588.612311                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    18.761385                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   883.145594                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    21.643360                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data  1353.502824                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    21.928322                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data  1561.372416                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    21.621759                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   567.758562                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    17.041057                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   882.230783                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    18.402568                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   901.431068                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    23.558651                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data  1593.132944                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    17.478589                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   886.994416                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    22.802474                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   651.530997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    17.490077                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   567.140024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    20.492191                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   895.042217                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu00.data          1097.607022                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu01.data           860.404050                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu02.data          1137.560210                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu03.data          1320.268295                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu04.data           691.581224                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu05.data          1093.475736                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu06.data          1326.856772                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu07.data          1305.369010                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu08.data           749.186781                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu09.data          1104.432596                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu10.data          1086.413162                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu11.data          1260.232411                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu12.data          1113.749613                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu13.data           901.079070                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu14.data           731.245053                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu15.data          1062.043125                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_percent::writebacks            0.008527                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000629                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.026480                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.020607                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000628                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.027153                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000623                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.047274                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000666                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.017963                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000573                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.026951                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000661                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.041306                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000669                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.047649                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000660                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.017327                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000520                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.026924                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000562                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.027509                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000719                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.048619                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000533                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.027069                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000696                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.019883                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000534                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.017308                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000625                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.027315                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu00.data            0.033496                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu01.data            0.026257                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu02.data            0.034716                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu03.data            0.040291                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu04.data            0.021105                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu05.data            0.033370                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu06.data            0.040492                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu07.data            0.039837                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu08.data            0.022863                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu09.data            0.033705                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu10.data            0.033155                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu11.data            0.038459                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu12.data            0.033989                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu13.data            0.027499                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu14.data            0.022316                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu15.data            0.032411                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::total                 0.999853                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         3991                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         2942                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         3961                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         5528                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         2867                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         3947                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         4940                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         5543                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         2913                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         3977                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         3967                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         5488                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         3985                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         2992                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         2887                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         3943                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   63892                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks            17384                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                 17384                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data            7                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   199                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data         4000                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data         2960                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data         3969                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data         5537                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data         2883                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data         3956                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data         4958                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data         5552                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data         2930                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data         3986                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data         3976                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data         5495                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data         3994                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data         3010                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data         2903                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data         3961                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    64091                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data         4000                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data         2960                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data         3969                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data         5537                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data         2883                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data         3956                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data         4958                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data         5552                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data         2930                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data         3986                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data         3976                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data         5495                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data         3994                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data         3010                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data         2903                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data         3961                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   64091                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2040                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1577                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2046                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3666                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1345                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2052                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3210                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3672                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1290                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2046                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2073                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3714                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2028                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1531                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1306                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2142                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 36290                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2040                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1577                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2047                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3666                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1345                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2052                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3210                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3672                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1290                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2046                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2073                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3716                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2028                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1531                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1306                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2142                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  36293                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           32                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2040                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1577                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2047                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3666                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1345                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2052                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3210                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3672                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1290                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           32                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2046                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           29                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2073                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3716                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           30                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2028                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1531                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1306                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2142                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 36293                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5391547                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    336667290                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6557728                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    260668236                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5224865                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    336285214                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5804466                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    603667270                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5441389                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    225801002                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5299140                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    336788096                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5855167                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    534214669                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5870303                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    604490257                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5626429                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    215901675                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5105847                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    335242994                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4502913                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    343230936                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5709212                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    606885455                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      4614945                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    335917467                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6576652                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    254879453                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5798630                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    218349253                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6134607                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    358721745                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5997224852                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       168848                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       270364                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total        439212                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5391547                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    336667290                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6557728                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    260668236                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5224865                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    336454062                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5804466                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    603667270                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5441389                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    225801002                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5299140                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    336788096                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5855167                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    534214669                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5870303                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    604490257                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5626429                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    215901675                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5105847                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    335242994                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4502913                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    343230936                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5709212                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    607155819                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      4614945                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    335917467                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6576652                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    254879453                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5798630                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    218349253                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6134607                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    358721745                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       5997664064                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5391547                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    336667290                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6557728                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    260668236                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5224865                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    336454062                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5804466                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    603667270                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5441389                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    225801002                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5299140                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    336788096                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5855167                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    534214669                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5870303                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    604490257                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5626429                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    215901675                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5105847                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    335242994                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4502913                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    343230936                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5709212                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    607155819                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      4614945                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    335917467                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6576652                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    254879453                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5798630                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    218349253                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6134607                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    358721745                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      5997664064                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         6031                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         4519                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         6007                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         9194                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         4212                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         5999                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         8150                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         9215                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         4203                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         6023                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         6040                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         9202                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         6013                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         4523                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         4193                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         6085                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total              100182                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        17384                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total             17384                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               202                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         6040                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         4537                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         6016                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         9203                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         4228                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         6008                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         8168                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         9224                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         4220                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         6032                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         6049                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         9211                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         6022                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         4541                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         4209                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         6103                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               100384                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           33                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         6040                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         4537                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         6016                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         9203                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         4228                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         6008                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         8168                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         9224                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         4220                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           33                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         6032                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           30                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         6049                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         9211                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           31                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         6022                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         4541                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         4209                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         6103                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              100384                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.969697                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.338252                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.348971                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.340603                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.398738                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.945946                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.319326                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.342057                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.393865                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.398481                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.945946                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.306924                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.969697                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.339698                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.343212                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.403608                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.337269                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.338492                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.945946                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.311472                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.352013                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.362241                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.111111                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.222222                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.014851                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.969697                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.337748                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.347587                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.340259                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.398348                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.945946                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.318117                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.341545                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.392997                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.398092                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.945946                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.305687                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.969697                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.339191                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.342701                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.403431                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.336765                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.337150                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.945946                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.310287                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.350975                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.361542                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.969697                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.337748                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.347587                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.340259                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.398348                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.945946                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.318117                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.341545                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.392997                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.398092                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.945946                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.305687                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.969697                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.339191                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.342701                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.403431                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.336765                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.337150                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.945946                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.310287                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.350975                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.361542                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 168485.843750                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 165032.985294                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 163943.200000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 165293.745086                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 158329.242424                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 164362.274682                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 161235.166667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 164666.467540                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 155468.257143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 167881.785874                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst       160580                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 164126.752437                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 162643.527778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 166422.015265                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 167722.942857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 164621.529684                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 160755.114286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 167365.639535                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 159557.718750                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 163852.880743                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 155272.862069                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 165572.086831                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 158589.222222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 163404.807485                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 153831.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 165639.776627                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 168632.102564                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 166479.067929                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 165675.142857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 167189.320827                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 170405.750000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 167470.469188                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 165258.331551                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       168848                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       135182                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total       146404                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 168485.843750                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 165032.985294                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 163943.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 165293.745086                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 158329.242424                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 164364.466048                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 161235.166667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 164666.467540                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 155468.257143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 167881.785874                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst       160580                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 164126.752437                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 162643.527778                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 166422.015265                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 167722.942857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 164621.529684                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 160755.114286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 167365.639535                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 159557.718750                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 163852.880743                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 155272.862069                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 165572.086831                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 158589.222222                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 163389.617600                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 153831.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 165639.776627                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 168632.102564                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 166479.067929                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 165675.142857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 167189.320827                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 170405.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 167470.469188                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 165256.773042                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 168485.843750                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 165032.985294                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 163943.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 165293.745086                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 158329.242424                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 164364.466048                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 161235.166667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 164666.467540                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 155468.257143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 167881.785874                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst       160580                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 164126.752437                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 162643.527778                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 166422.015265                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 167722.942857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 164621.529684                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 160755.114286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 167365.639535                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 159557.718750                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 163852.880743                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 155272.862069                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 165572.086831                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 158589.222222                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 163389.617600                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 153831.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 165639.776627                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 168632.102564                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 166479.067929                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 165675.142857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 167189.320827                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 170405.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 167470.469188                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 165256.773042                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 8406                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      8406                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2040                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1577                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2046                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3666                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1345                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2052                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3210                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3672                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1290                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2046                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2073                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3714                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2028                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1531                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1306                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2142                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            36290                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total              3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2040                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1577                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2047                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3666                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1345                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2052                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3210                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3672                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1290                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2046                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2073                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3716                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2028                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1531                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1306                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2142                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             36293                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2040                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1577                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2047                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3666                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1345                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2052                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3210                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3672                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1290                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2046                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2073                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3716                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2028                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1531                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1306                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2142                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            36293                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3532303                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    217864354                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      4229762                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    168849056                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3309123                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    217111095                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3711590                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    390327960                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3407996                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    147478505                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3383128                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    217279190                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3759009                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    347317310                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3834977                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    390799759                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3592525                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    140794247                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3246186                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    216085608                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2817695                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    222518747                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3613302                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    390765378                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2870594                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    217764141                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      4307100                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    165724707                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3764262                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    142303389                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      4038636                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    233979412                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3884381046                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       110925                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       153765                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       264690                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3532303                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    217864354                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      4229762                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    168849056                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3309123                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    217222020                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3711590                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    390327960                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3407996                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    147478505                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3383128                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    217279190                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3759009                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    347317310                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3834977                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    390799759                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3592525                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    140794247                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3246186                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    216085608                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2817695                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    222518747                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3613302                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    390919143                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2870594                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    217764141                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      4307100                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    165724707                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3764262                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    142303389                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      4038636                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    233979412                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3884645736                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3532303                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    217864354                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      4229762                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    168849056                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3309123                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    217222020                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3711590                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    390327960                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3407996                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    147478505                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3383128                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    217279190                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3759009                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    347317310                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3834977                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    390799759                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3592525                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    140794247                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3246186                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    216085608                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2817695                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    222518747                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3613302                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    390919143                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2870594                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    217764141                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      4307100                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    165724707                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3764262                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    142303389                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      4038636                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    233979412                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3884645736                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.338252                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.348971                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.340603                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.398738                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.945946                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.319326                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.342057                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.393865                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.398481                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.945946                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.306924                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.339698                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.343212                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.403608                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.337269                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.338492                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.945946                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.311472                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.352013                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.362241                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.111111                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.222222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014851                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.337748                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.347587                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.340259                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.398348                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.945946                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.318117                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.341545                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.392997                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.398092                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.945946                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.305687                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.339191                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.342701                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.403431                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.336765                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.337150                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.945946                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.310287                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.350975                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.361542                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.337748                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.347587                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.340259                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.398348                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.945946                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.318117                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.341545                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.392997                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.398092                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.945946                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.305687                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.339191                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.342701                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.403431                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.336765                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.337150                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.945946                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.310287                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.350975                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.361542                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 110384.468750                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 106796.251961                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 105744.050000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 107069.788205                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 100276.454545                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 106114.904692                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 103099.722222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 106472.438625                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 97371.314286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 109649.446097                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 102519.030303                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 105886.544834                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 104416.916667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 108198.538941                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 109570.771429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 106426.949619                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 102643.571429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 109142.827132                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 101443.312500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 105613.689150                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 97161.896552                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 107341.411963                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 100369.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 105214.156704                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 95686.466667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 107378.767751                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 110438.461538                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 108246.052907                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 107550.342857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 108961.247320                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 112184.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 109234.085901                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107037.229154                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       110925                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 76882.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        88230                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 110384.468750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 106796.251961                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 105744.050000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 107069.788205                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 100276.454545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 106117.254519                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 103099.722222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 106472.438625                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 97371.314286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 109649.446097                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 102519.030303                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 105886.544834                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 104416.916667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 108198.538941                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 109570.771429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 106426.949619                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 102643.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 109142.827132                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 101443.312500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 105613.689150                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 97161.896552                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 107341.411963                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 100369.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 105198.908235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 95686.466667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 107378.767751                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 110438.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 108246.052907                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 107550.342857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 108961.247320                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 112184.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 109234.085901                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107035.674538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 110384.468750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 106796.251961                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 105744.050000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 107069.788205                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 100276.454545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 106117.254519                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 103099.722222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 106472.438625                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 97371.314286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 109649.446097                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 102519.030303                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 105886.544834                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 104416.916667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 108198.538941                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 109570.771429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 106426.949619                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 102643.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 109142.827132                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 101443.312500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 105613.689150                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 97161.896552                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 107341.411963                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 100369.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 105198.908235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 95686.466667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 107378.767751                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 110438.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 108246.052907                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 107550.342857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 108961.247320                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 112184.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 109234.085901                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107035.674538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              552.948900                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1001432458                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  560                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1788272.246429                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    26.895997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst   526.052902                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.043103                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.843033                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.886136                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1400189                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1400189                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1400189                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total        1400189                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1400189                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total       1400189                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           42                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6846047                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6846047                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6846047                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6846047                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6846047                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6846047                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1400231                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1400231                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1400231                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total      1400231                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1400231                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total      1400231                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000030                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000030                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000030                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 163001.119048                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 163001.119048                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 163001.119048                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 163001.119048                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 163001.119048                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 163001.119048                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5953907                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5953907                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5953907                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5953907                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5953907                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5953907                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 180421.424242                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 180421.424242                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 180421.424242                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 180421.424242                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 180421.424242                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 180421.424242                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                 6040                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              221205576                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                 6296                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             35134.303685                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   184.847745                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    71.152255                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.722062                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.277938                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      2073318                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       2073318                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       386426                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       386426                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          913                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          913                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          907                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          907                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data      2459744                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total        2459744                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data      2459744                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total       2459744                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data        20803                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        20803                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           45                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           45                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data        20848                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total        20848                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data        20848                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total        20848                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2378706570                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2378706570                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      4348655                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      4348655                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2383055225                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2383055225                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2383055225                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2383055225                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      2094121                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2094121                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       386471                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       386471                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          913                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          913                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          907                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          907                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      2480592                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2480592                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      2480592                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2480592                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.009934                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009934                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000116                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008404                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008404                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008404                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008404                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 114344.400808                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 114344.400808                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 96636.777778                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 96636.777778                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 114306.179250                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 114306.179250                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 114306.179250                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 114306.179250                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          775                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total             775                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        14772                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        14772                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data           36                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           36                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        14808                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14808                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        14808                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14808                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         6031                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6031                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         6040                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6040                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         6040                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6040                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    628510948                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    628510948                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       690179                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       690179                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    629201127                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    629201127                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    629201127                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    629201127                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002880                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002880                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002435                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002435                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002435                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002435                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 104213.388824                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104213.388824                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 76686.555556                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76686.555556                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 104172.372020                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104172.372020                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 104172.372020                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104172.372020                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              507.518166                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs             1074537553                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             2078409.193424                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    32.518166                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.052112                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.813330                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1402016                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1402016                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1402016                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total        1402016                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1402016                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total       1402016                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      8802812                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8802812                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      8802812                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8802812                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      8802812                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8802812                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1402070                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1402070                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1402070                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total      1402070                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1402070                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total      1402070                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 163015.037037                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 163015.037037                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 163015.037037                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 163015.037037                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 163015.037037                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 163015.037037                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      7225407                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7225407                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      7225407                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7225407                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      7225407                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7225407                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 172033.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 172033.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 172033.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 172033.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 172033.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 172033.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                 4537                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              163967502                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                 4793                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             34209.785521                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   221.531131                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    34.468869                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.865356                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.134644                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       963461                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        963461                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       809276                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       809276                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1950                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1950                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1946                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1946                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data      1772737                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total        1772737                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data      1772737                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total       1772737                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        14510                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        14510                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          102                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          102                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data        14612                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total        14612                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data        14612                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total        14612                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1805436836                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1805436836                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      8194589                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8194589                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1813631425                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1813631425                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1813631425                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1813631425                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       977971                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       977971                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       809378                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       809378                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         1950                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1950                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         1946                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1946                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      1787349                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1787349                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      1787349                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1787349                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.014837                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014837                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000126                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000126                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008175                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008175                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008175                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008175                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 124427.073467                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 124427.073467                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 80339.107843                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 80339.107843                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 124119.314604                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 124119.314604                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 124119.314604                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 124119.314604                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          938                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total             938                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         9991                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         9991                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data           84                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           84                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        10075                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        10075                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        10075                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        10075                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         4519                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4519                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         4537                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4537                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         4537                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4537                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    474218173                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    474218173                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      1177599                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1177599                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    475395772                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    475395772                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    475395772                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    475395772                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.004621                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004621                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002538                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002538                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002538                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002538                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 104938.741536                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104938.741536                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 65422.166667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65422.166667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 104781.964294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104781.964294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 104781.964294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104781.964294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              553.461682                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs             1001433081                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  561                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1785085.705882                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    27.408803                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst   526.052879                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.043924                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.843033                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.886958                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1400812                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1400812                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1400812                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total        1400812                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1400812                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total       1400812                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6812962                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6812962                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6812962                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6812962                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6812962                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6812962                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1400852                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1400852                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1400852                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total      1400852                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1400852                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total      1400852                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000029                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000029                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000029                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 170324.050000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 170324.050000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 170324.050000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 170324.050000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 170324.050000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 170324.050000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5893042                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5893042                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5893042                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5893042                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5893042                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5893042                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 173324.764706                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173324.764706                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 173324.764706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173324.764706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 173324.764706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173324.764706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                 6016                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              221205524                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                 6272                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             35268.737883                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   184.435668                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    71.564332                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.720452                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.279548                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      2073256                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       2073256                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       386425                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       386425                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          922                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          922                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          909                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          909                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data      2459681                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total        2459681                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data      2459681                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total       2459681                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        20746                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        20746                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data           46                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           46                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        20792                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total        20792                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        20792                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total        20792                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2358237309                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2358237309                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      4989302                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      4989302                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2363226611                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2363226611                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2363226611                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2363226611                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      2094002                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2094002                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       386471                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       386471                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          922                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          922                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          909                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          909                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      2480473                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2480473                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      2480473                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2480473                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.009907                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009907                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000119                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.008382                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008382                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.008382                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008382                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 113671.903451                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 113671.903451                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 108463.086957                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108463.086957                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 113660.379521                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 113660.379521                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 113660.379521                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 113660.379521                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          734                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total             734                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        14739                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        14739                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data           37                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           37                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        14776                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14776                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        14776                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14776                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         6007                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6007                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         6016                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6016                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         6016                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6016                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    625356598                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    625356598                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       726820                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       726820                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    626083418                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    626083418                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    626083418                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    626083418                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002869                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002869                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002425                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002425                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002425                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002425                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 104104.644248                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104104.644248                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 80757.777778                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80757.777778                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 104069.717088                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104069.717088                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 104069.717088                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104069.717088                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              573.272977                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs             1108892281                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  580                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1911883.243103                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    32.021455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst   541.251522                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.051316                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.867390                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.918707                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1364963                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1364963                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1364963                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total        1364963                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1364963                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total       1364963                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      8366368                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8366368                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      8366368                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8366368                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      8366368                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8366368                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1365011                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1365011                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1365011                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total      1365011                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1365011                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total      1365011                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 174299.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 174299.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 174299.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 174299.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 174299.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 174299.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6727642                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6727642                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6727642                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6727642                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6727642                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6727642                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 181828.162162                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 181828.162162                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 181828.162162                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 181828.162162                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 181828.162162                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 181828.162162                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                 9203                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              440735560                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                 9459                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             46594.308066                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   111.169175                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data   144.830825                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.434255                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.565745                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      3572817                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3572817                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      1955425                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1955425                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          958                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          958                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          954                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          954                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data      5528242                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total        5528242                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data      5528242                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total       5528242                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        32735                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        32735                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data           28                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           28                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data        32763                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total        32763                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data        32763                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total        32763                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3975312228                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3975312228                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      2497193                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2497193                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3977809421                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3977809421                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3977809421                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3977809421                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      3605552                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3605552                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      1955453                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1955453                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          958                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          958                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          954                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          954                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      5561005                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total      5561005                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      5561005                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total      5561005                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.009079                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009079                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000014                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000014                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.005892                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005892                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.005892                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005892                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 121439.200489                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121439.200489                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 89185.464286                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89185.464286                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 121411.635717                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 121411.635717                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 121411.635717                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 121411.635717                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1764                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total            1764                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        23541                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        23541                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data           19                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        23560                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        23560                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        23560                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        23560                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         9194                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         9194                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         9203                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         9203                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         9203                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         9203                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1032840186                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1032840186                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       671901                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       671901                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1033512087                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1033512087                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1033512087                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1033512087                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002550                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002550                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.001655                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001655                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.001655                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001655                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 112338.501849                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112338.501849                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 74655.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74655.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 112301.650223                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112301.650223                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 112301.650223                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112301.650223                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              487.417086                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs             1077534028                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  492                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             2190109.813008                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    32.417086                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.051950                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.781117                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1410014                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1410014                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1410014                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total        1410014                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1410014                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total       1410014                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      7938174                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7938174                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      7938174                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7938174                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      7938174                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7938174                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1410063                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1410063                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1410063                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total      1410063                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1410063                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total      1410063                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 162003.551020                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 162003.551020                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 162003.551020                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 162003.551020                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 162003.551020                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 162003.551020                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6157718                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6157718                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6157718                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6157718                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6157718                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6157718                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 166424.810811                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166424.810811                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 166424.810811                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166424.810811                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 166424.810811                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166424.810811                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                 4228                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              160312351                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                 4484                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             35752.085415                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   221.092006                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    34.907994                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.863641                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.136359                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      1122979                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1122979                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       833877                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       833877                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         2152                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2152                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         2026                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         2026                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data      1956856                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total        1956856                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data      1956856                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total       1956856                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data        10885                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        10885                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data           79                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           79                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data        10964                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total        10964                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data        10964                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total        10964                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1200178379                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1200178379                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      6334568                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6334568                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1206512947                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1206512947                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1206512947                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1206512947                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      1133864                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1133864                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       833956                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       833956                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         2152                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2152                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         2026                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         2026                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      1967820                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1967820                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      1967820                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1967820                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.009600                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009600                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000095                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000095                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.005572                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005572                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.005572                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005572                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 110259.841893                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 110259.841893                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 80184.405063                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 80184.405063                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 110043.136355                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 110043.136355                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 110043.136355                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 110043.136355                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          909                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total             909                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         6673                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         6673                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data           63                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           63                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         6736                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         6736                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         6736                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         6736                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         4212                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4212                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         4228                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4228                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         4228                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4228                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    431511832                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    431511832                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      1137143                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1137143                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    432648975                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    432648975                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    432648975                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    432648975                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003715                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003715                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002149                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002149                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002149                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002149                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 102448.203229                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102448.203229                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 71071.437500                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71071.437500                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 102329.464286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102329.464286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 102329.464286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102329.464286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              552.352059                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs             1001432987                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  561                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1785085.538324                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    26.299064                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst   526.052995                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.042146                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.843034                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.885180                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1400718                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1400718                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1400718                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total        1400718                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1400718                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total       1400718                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           42                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6955609                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6955609                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6955609                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6955609                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6955609                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6955609                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1400760                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1400760                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1400760                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total      1400760                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1400760                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total      1400760                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000030                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000030                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000030                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 165609.738095                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 165609.738095                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 165609.738095                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 165609.738095                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 165609.738095                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 165609.738095                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5998650                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5998650                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5998650                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5998650                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5998650                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5998650                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 176430.882353                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 176430.882353                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 176430.882353                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 176430.882353                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 176430.882353                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 176430.882353                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                 6008                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              221205630                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                 6264                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             35313.797893                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   184.434709                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    71.565291                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.720448                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.279552                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      2073505                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       2073505                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       386281                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       386281                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          923                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          923                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          909                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          909                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data      2459786                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total        2459786                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data      2459786                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total       2459786                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        20822                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        20822                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data           45                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           45                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data        20867                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total        20867                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data        20867                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total        20867                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2365565179                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2365565179                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      4346478                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      4346478                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2369911657                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2369911657                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2369911657                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2369911657                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      2094327                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2094327                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       386326                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       386326                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          923                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          923                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          909                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          909                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      2480653                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2480653                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      2480653                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2480653                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.009942                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009942                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000116                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008412                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008412                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008412                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008412                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 113608.931851                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 113608.931851                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 96588.400000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 96588.400000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 113572.226817                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 113572.226817                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 113572.226817                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 113572.226817                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          745                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total             745                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        14823                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        14823                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data           36                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           36                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        14859                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14859                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        14859                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14859                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         5999                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5999                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         6008                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6008                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         6008                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6008                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    623837477                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    623837477                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       674286                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       674286                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    624511763                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    624511763                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    624511763                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    624511763                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002864                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002864                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002422                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002422                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002422                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002422                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 103990.244541                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103990.244541                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 74920.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74920.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 103946.698236                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103946.698236                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 103946.698236                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103946.698236                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              520.021405                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs             1080582014                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  527                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             2050440.254269                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    30.021405                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.048111                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.833368                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1395537                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1395537                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1395537                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total        1395537                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1395537                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total       1395537                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      8095244                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8095244                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      8095244                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8095244                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      8095244                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8095244                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1395586                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1395586                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1395586                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total      1395586                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1395586                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total      1395586                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 165209.061224                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 165209.061224                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 165209.061224                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 165209.061224                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 165209.061224                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 165209.061224                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6339868                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6339868                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6339868                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6339868                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6339868                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6339868                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 171347.783784                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 171347.783784                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 171347.783784                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 171347.783784                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 171347.783784                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 171347.783784                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                 8168                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              178889794                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                 8424                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             21235.730532                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   228.841745                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    27.158255                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.893913                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.106087                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       966953                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        966953                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       799121                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       799121                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         2191                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2191                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1863                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1863                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data      1766074                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total        1766074                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data      1766074                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total       1766074                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data        20965                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        20965                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          110                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          110                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        21075                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total        21075                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        21075                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total        21075                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2575439462                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2575439462                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      9010870                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      9010870                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2584450332                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2584450332                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2584450332                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2584450332                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       987918                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       987918                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       799231                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       799231                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         2191                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2191                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         1863                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1863                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      1787149                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1787149                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      1787149                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1787149                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.021221                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021221                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000138                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000138                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.011793                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011793                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.011793                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011793                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 122844.715574                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 122844.715574                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data        81917                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total        81917                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 122631.095231                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 122631.095231                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 122631.095231                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 122631.095231                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1005                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total            1005                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        12815                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        12815                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data           92                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           92                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        12907                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        12907                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        12907                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        12907                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         8150                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8150                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         8168                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         8168                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         8168                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8168                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    900037751                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    900037751                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      1184914                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1184914                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    901222665                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    901222665                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    901222665                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    901222665                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008250                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008250                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.004570                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004570                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.004570                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004570                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 110434.079877                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110434.079877                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 65828.555556                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65828.555556                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 110335.781709                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110335.781709                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 110335.781709                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110335.781709                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              571.724810                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs             1108892762                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  579                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1915186.117444                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    30.473460                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst   541.251350                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.048836                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.867390                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.916226                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1365444                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1365444                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1365444                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total        1365444                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1365444                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total       1365444                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      8805727                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8805727                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      8805727                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8805727                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      8805727                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8805727                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1365494                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1365494                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1365494                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total      1365494                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1365494                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total      1365494                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 176114.540000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 176114.540000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 176114.540000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 176114.540000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 176114.540000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 176114.540000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6825014                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6825014                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6825014                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6825014                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6825014                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6825014                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 189583.722222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 189583.722222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 189583.722222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 189583.722222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 189583.722222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 189583.722222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                 9224                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              440734410                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                 9480                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             46490.971519                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   111.166213                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data   144.833787                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.434243                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.565757                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      3572356                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3572356                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      1954736                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1954736                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          958                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          958                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          954                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          954                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data      5527092                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total        5527092                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data      5527092                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total       5527092                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data        32716                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        32716                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data        32746                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total        32746                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data        32746                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total        32746                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3965662342                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3965662342                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      2461316                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2461316                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3968123658                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3968123658                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3968123658                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3968123658                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      3605072                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3605072                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      1954766                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1954766                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          958                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          958                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          954                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          954                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      5559838                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total      5559838                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      5559838                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total      5559838                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.009075                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009075                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.005890                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005890                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.005890                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005890                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 121214.767759                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121214.767759                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 82043.866667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82043.866667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 121178.881634                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 121178.881634                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 121178.881634                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 121178.881634                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1772                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total            1772                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        23501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        23501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        23522                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        23522                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        23522                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        23522                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         9215                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         9215                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         9224                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         9224                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         9224                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         9224                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1031726002                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1031726002                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       621344                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       621344                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1032347346                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1032347346                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1032347346                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1032347346                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002556                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002556                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.001659                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001659                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.001659                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001659                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 111961.584590                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111961.584590                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 69038.222222                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69038.222222                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 111919.703599                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111919.703599                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 111919.703599                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111919.703599                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              487.105207                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs             1077534780                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  492                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             2190111.341463                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    32.105207                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.051451                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.780617                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1410766                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1410766                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1410766                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total        1410766                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1410766                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total       1410766                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      8108197                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8108197                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      8108197                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8108197                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      8108197                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8108197                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1410814                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1410814                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1410814                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total      1410814                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1410814                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total      1410814                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 168920.770833                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 168920.770833                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 168920.770833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 168920.770833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 168920.770833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 168920.770833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6431446                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6431446                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6431446                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6431446                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6431446                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6431446                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 173822.864865                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173822.864865                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 173822.864865                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173822.864865                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 173822.864865                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173822.864865                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                 4220                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              160313398                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                 4476                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             35816.219392                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   221.112673                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    34.887327                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.863721                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.136279                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      1123428                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1123428                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       834470                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       834470                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         2155                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2155                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         2028                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         2028                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data      1957898                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total        1957898                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data      1957898                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total       1957898                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        10805                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        10805                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data           72                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           72                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        10877                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total        10877                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        10877                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total        10877                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1177044583                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1177044583                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      7016493                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7016493                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1184061076                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1184061076                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1184061076                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1184061076                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      1134233                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1134233                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       834542                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       834542                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         2155                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2155                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         2028                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         2028                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      1968775                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1968775                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      1968775                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1968775                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.009526                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009526                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000086                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000086                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.005525                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005525                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.005525                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005525                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 108935.176585                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108935.176585                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 97451.291667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 97451.291667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 108859.159327                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 108859.159327                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 108859.159327                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 108859.159327                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          902                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total             902                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         6602                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         6602                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data           55                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           55                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         6657                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         6657                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         6657                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         6657                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         4203                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4203                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         4220                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4220                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         4220                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4220                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    424100931                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    424100931                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      1364354                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1364354                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    425465285                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    425465285                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    425465285                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    425465285                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.003706                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003706                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002143                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002143                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002143                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002143                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 100904.337616                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100904.337616                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 80256.117647                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80256.117647                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 100821.157583                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100821.157583                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 100821.157583                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100821.157583                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              552.970608                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs             1001433191                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  560                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1788273.555357                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    26.917260                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst   526.053347                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.043137                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.843034                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.886171                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1400922                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1400922                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1400922                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total        1400922                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1400922                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total       1400922                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6546455                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6546455                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6546455                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6546455                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6546455                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6546455                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1400962                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1400962                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1400962                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total      1400962                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1400962                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total      1400962                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000029                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000029                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000029                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 163661.375000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 163661.375000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 163661.375000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 163661.375000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 163661.375000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 163661.375000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5655137                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5655137                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5655137                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5655137                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5655137                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5655137                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 171367.787879                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 171367.787879                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 171367.787879                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 171367.787879                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 171367.787879                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 171367.787879                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                 6032                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              221205463                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                 6288                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             35178.985846                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   184.230967                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    71.769033                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.719652                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.280348                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      2073246                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       2073246                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       386382                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       386382                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          915                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          915                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          908                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          908                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data      2459628                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total        2459628                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data      2459628                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total       2459628                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data        20789                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        20789                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data           45                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           45                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data        20834                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total        20834                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data        20834                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total        20834                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2350542192                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2350542192                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      4026501                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      4026501                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2354568693                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2354568693                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2354568693                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2354568693                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      2094035                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2094035                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       386427                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       386427                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          915                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          915                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          908                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          908                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      2480462                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2480462                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      2480462                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2480462                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.009928                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009928                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000116                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.008399                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008399                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.008399                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008399                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 113066.631007                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 113066.631007                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 89477.800000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89477.800000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 113015.680762                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 113015.680762                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 113015.680762                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 113015.680762                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          760                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total             760                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        14766                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        14766                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data           36                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           36                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        14802                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14802                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        14802                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14802                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         6023                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6023                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         6032                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6032                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         6032                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6032                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    624993648                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    624993648                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       651723                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       651723                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    625645371                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    625645371                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    625645371                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    625645371                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002876                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002876                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002432                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002432                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002432                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002432                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 103767.831313                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103767.831313                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 72413.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72413.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 103721.049569                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103721.049569                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 103721.049569                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103721.049569                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              552.224373                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs             1001432290                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1797903.572711                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    26.170192                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst   526.054181                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.041939                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.843036                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.884975                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1400021                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1400021                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1400021                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total        1400021                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1400021                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total       1400021                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           37                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5847622                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5847622                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5847622                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5847622                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5847622                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5847622                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1400058                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1400058                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1400058                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total      1400058                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1400058                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total      1400058                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000026                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000026                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000026                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 158043.837838                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 158043.837838                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 158043.837838                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 158043.837838                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 158043.837838                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 158043.837838                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4966131                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4966131                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4966131                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4966131                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4966131                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4966131                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 165537.700000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165537.700000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 165537.700000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165537.700000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 165537.700000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165537.700000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                 6049                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              221203706                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                 6305                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             35083.855036                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   184.633342                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    71.366658                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.721224                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.278776                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      2071779                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       2071779                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       386084                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       386084                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          924                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          924                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          907                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          907                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data      2457863                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total        2457863                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data      2457863                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total       2457863                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        20864                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        20864                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data           45                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           45                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data        20909                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total        20909                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data        20909                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total        20909                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2386504938                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2386504938                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      3693082                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      3693082                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2390198020                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2390198020                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2390198020                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2390198020                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      2092643                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2092643                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       386129                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       386129                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          924                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          924                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          907                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          907                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      2478772                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2478772                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      2478772                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2478772                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.009970                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009970                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000117                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000117                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008435                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008435                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008435                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008435                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 114383.863976                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 114383.863976                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 82068.488889                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82068.488889                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 114314.315367                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 114314.315367                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 114314.315367                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 114314.315367                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          752                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total             752                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        14824                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        14824                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data           36                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           36                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        14860                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14860                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        14860                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14860                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         6040                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6040                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         6049                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6049                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         6049                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6049                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    632172352                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    632172352                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       593398                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       593398                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    632765750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    632765750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    632765750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    632765750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002886                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002886                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002440                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002440                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002440                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002440                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 104664.296689                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104664.296689                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 65933.111111                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65933.111111                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 104606.670524                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104606.670524                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 104606.670524                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104606.670524                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              572.261791                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs             1108892072                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  580                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1911882.882759                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    31.010229                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst   541.251562                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.049696                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.867390                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.917086                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1364754                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1364754                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1364754                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total        1364754                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1364754                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total       1364754                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      8283769                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8283769                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      8283769                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8283769                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      8283769                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8283769                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1364802                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1364802                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1364802                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total      1364802                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1364802                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total      1364802                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 172578.520833                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 172578.520833                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 172578.520833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 172578.520833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 172578.520833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 172578.520833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6705958                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6705958                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6705958                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6705958                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6705958                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6705958                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 181242.108108                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 181242.108108                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 181242.108108                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 181242.108108                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 181242.108108                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 181242.108108                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                 9211                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              440734984                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                 9467                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             46554.873138                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   111.167677                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data   144.832323                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.434249                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.565751                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      3572276                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3572276                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      1955389                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1955389                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          959                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          959                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          954                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          954                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data      5527665                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total        5527665                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data      5527665                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total       5527665                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data        32625                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        32625                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data        32655                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total        32655                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data        32655                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total        32655                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3960927710                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3960927710                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      2874035                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2874035                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3963801745                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3963801745                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3963801745                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3963801745                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      3604901                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3604901                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      1955419                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1955419                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          959                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          959                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          954                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          954                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      5560320                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total      5560320                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      5560320                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total      5560320                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.009050                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009050                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.005873                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005873                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.005873                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005873                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 121407.745900                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121407.745900                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 95801.166667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95801.166667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 121384.221252                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 121384.221252                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 121384.221252                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 121384.221252                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1711                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total            1711                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        23423                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        23423                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        23444                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        23444                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        23444                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        23444                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         9202                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         9202                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         9211                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         9211                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         9211                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         9211                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1031604179                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1031604179                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       760255                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       760255                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1032364434                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1032364434                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1032364434                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1032364434                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002553                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002553                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.001657                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001657                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.001657                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001657                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 112106.518040                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112106.518040                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 84472.777778                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84472.777778                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 112079.517316                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112079.517316                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 112079.517316                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112079.517316                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              552.371801                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs             1001432768                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  558                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1794682.379928                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    26.318687                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst   526.053114                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.042177                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.843034                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.885211                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1400499                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1400499                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1400499                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total        1400499                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1400499                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total       1400499                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6282362                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6282362                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6282362                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6282362                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6282362                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6282362                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1400537                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1400537                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1400537                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total      1400537                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1400537                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total      1400537                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000027                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000027                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000027                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 165325.315789                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 165325.315789                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 165325.315789                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 165325.315789                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 165325.315789                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 165325.315789                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5299314                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5299314                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5299314                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5299314                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5299314                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5299314                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 170945.612903                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170945.612903                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 170945.612903                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170945.612903                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 170945.612903                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170945.612903                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                 6022                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              221204723                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                 6278                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             35234.903313                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   184.231198                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    71.768802                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.719653                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.280347                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      2072780                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       2072780                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       386107                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       386107                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          916                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          916                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          908                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          908                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data      2458887                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total        2458887                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data      2458887                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total       2458887                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data        20721                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        20721                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data           45                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           45                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data        20766                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total        20766                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data        20766                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total        20766                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2360354491                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2360354491                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      4024306                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      4024306                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2364378797                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2364378797                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2364378797                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2364378797                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      2093501                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2093501                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       386152                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       386152                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          916                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          916                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          908                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          908                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      2479653                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2479653                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      2479653                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2479653                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.009898                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009898                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000117                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000117                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008375                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008375                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008375                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008375                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 113911.224893                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 113911.224893                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 89429.022222                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89429.022222                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 113858.171867                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 113858.171867                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 113858.171867                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 113858.171867                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          736                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total             736                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        14708                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        14708                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data           36                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           36                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        14744                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14744                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        14744                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14744                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         6013                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6013                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         6022                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6022                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         6022                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6022                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    625542950                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    625542950                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       624098                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       624098                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    626167048                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    626167048                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    626167048                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    626167048                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002872                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002872                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 104031.756195                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104031.756195                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 69344.222222                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69344.222222                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 103979.914978                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103979.914978                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 103979.914978                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103979.914978                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              506.514920                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs             1074537520                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  516                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             2082437.054264                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    31.514920                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.050505                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.811723                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1401983                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1401983                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1401983                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total        1401983                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1401983                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total       1401983                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      8861510                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8861510                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      8861510                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8861510                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      8861510                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8861510                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1402033                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1402033                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1402033                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total      1402033                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1402033                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total      1402033                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 177230.200000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 177230.200000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 177230.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 177230.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 177230.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 177230.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      7263436                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7263436                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      7263436                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7263436                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      7263436                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7263436                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 177156.975610                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 177156.975610                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 177156.975610                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 177156.975610                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 177156.975610                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 177156.975610                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                 4541                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              163968729                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                 4797                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             34181.515322                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   221.536210                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    34.463790                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.865376                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.134624                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       963880                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        963880                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       810049                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       810049                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1982                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1982                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1949                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1949                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data      1773929                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total        1773929                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data      1773929                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total       1773929                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        14563                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        14563                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          104                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          104                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data        14667                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total        14667                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data        14667                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total        14667                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1798822591                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1798822591                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      8784445                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8784445                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1807607036                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1807607036                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1807607036                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1807607036                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       978443                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       978443                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       810153                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       810153                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         1982                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1982                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         1949                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1949                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      1788596                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1788596                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      1788596                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1788596                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.014884                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014884                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000128                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000128                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008200                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008200                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008200                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008200                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 123520.057062                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 123520.057062                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 84465.817308                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84465.817308                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 123243.133292                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 123243.133292                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 123243.133292                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 123243.133292                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          938                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total             938                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        10040                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        10040                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data           86                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           86                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        10126                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        10126                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        10126                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        10126                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         4523                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4523                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         4541                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4541                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         4541                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4541                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    471433366                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    471433366                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      1192988                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1192988                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    472626354                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    472626354                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    472626354                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    472626354                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.004623                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004623                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002539                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002539                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002539                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002539                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 104230.237895                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104230.237895                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 66277.111111                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66277.111111                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 104079.796080                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104079.796080                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 104079.796080                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104079.796080                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              487.103962                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs             1077534642                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  492                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             2190111.060976                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    32.103962                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.051449                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.780615                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1410628                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1410628                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1410628                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total        1410628                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1410628                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total       1410628                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      8601846                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8601846                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      8601846                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8601846                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      8601846                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8601846                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1410677                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1410677                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1410677                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total      1410677                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1410677                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total      1410677                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 175547.877551                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 175547.877551                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 175547.877551                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 175547.877551                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 175547.877551                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 175547.877551                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6523157                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6523157                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6523157                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6523157                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6523157                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6523157                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 176301.540541                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 176301.540541                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 176301.540541                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 176301.540541                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 176301.540541                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 176301.540541                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                 4209                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              160313573                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                 4465                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             35904.495633                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   221.112063                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    34.887937                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.863719                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.136281                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      1123820                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1123820                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       834259                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       834259                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         2151                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2151                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         2026                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         2026                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data      1958079                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total        1958079                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data      1958079                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total       1958079                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        10785                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        10785                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data           80                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           80                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        10865                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total        10865                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        10865                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total        10865                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1179325250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1179325250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      6387093                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6387093                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1185712343                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1185712343                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1185712343                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1185712343                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      1134605                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1134605                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       834339                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       834339                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         2151                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2151                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         2026                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         2026                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      1968944                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1968944                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      1968944                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1968944                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.009506                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009506                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000096                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000096                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.005518                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005518                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.005518                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005518                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 109348.655540                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 109348.655540                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 79838.662500                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79838.662500                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 109131.370732                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 109131.370732                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 109131.370732                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 109131.370732                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          906                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total             906                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         6592                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         6592                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data           64                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           64                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         6656                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         6656                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         6656                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         6656                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         4193                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4193                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         4209                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4209                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         4209                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4209                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    425128240                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    425128240                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      1128474                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1128474                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    426256714                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    426256714                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    426256714                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    426256714                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.003696                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003696                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002138                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002138                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002138                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002138                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 101389.992845                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101389.992845                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 70529.625000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70529.625000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 101272.680922                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101272.680922                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 101272.680922                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101272.680922                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              510.967906                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs             1076049181                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             2073312.487476                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    28.967906                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.046423                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.818859                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1381354                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1381354                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1381354                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total        1381354                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1381354                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total       1381354                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      7704133                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7704133                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      7704133                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7704133                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      7704133                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7704133                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1381399                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1381399                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1381399                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total      1381399                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1381399                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total      1381399                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000033                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000033                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000033                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 171202.955556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 171202.955556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 171202.955556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 171202.955556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 171202.955556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 171202.955556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6607380                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6607380                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6607380                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6607380                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6607380                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6607380                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 178577.837838                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 178577.837838                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 178577.837838                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 178577.837838                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 178577.837838                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 178577.837838                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                 6103                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              170148507                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                 6359                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             26757.117000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   227.547665                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    28.452335                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.888858                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.111142                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       970361                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        970361                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       821032                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       821032                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1967                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1967                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1889                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1889                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data      1791393                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total        1791393                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data      1791393                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total       1791393                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data        20884                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        20884                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          264                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          264                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data        21148                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total        21148                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data        21148                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total        21148                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2731874752                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2731874752                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     30442664                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     30442664                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2762317416                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2762317416                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2762317416                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2762317416                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       991245                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       991245                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       821296                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       821296                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         1967                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1967                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         1889                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1889                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      1812541                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1812541                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      1812541                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1812541                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.021068                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021068                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000321                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000321                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.011668                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011668                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.011668                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011668                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 130811.853668                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 130811.853668                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 115313.121212                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 115313.121212                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 130618.376017                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 130618.376017                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 130618.376017                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 130618.376017                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2037                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total            2037                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        14799                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        14799                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          246                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          246                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        15045                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        15045                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        15045                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        15045                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         6085                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6085                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         6103                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6103                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         6103                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6103                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    646913160                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    646913160                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      1179403                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1179403                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    648092563                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    648092563                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    648092563                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    648092563                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.006139                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006139                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.003367                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003367                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.003367                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003367                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 106312.762531                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106312.762531                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 65522.388889                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65522.388889                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 106192.456661                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106192.456661                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 106192.456661                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106192.456661                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
