
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.011071                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 11070679881                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               523679882769                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 378165                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   483073                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                 269413                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67753916                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 41091.80                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 15539479065                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   19850345457                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         3968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data       474496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data       256512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data       155008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data       477952                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data       116992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data       155008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data       377856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data       477952                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data       233472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data       256896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data       231296                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         3712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data       256384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data       375680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data       117376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data       154752                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data       155008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total              4345728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         3968                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         3712                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           73088                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      1159552                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           1159552                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           31                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data         3707                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data         2004                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data         1211                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data         3734                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data          914                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data         1211                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data         2952                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data         3734                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data         1824                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           33                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data         2007                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data         1807                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           29                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data         2003                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data         2935                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data          917                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data         1209                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data         1211                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 33951                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            9059                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 9059                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst       358424                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     42860602                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst       312176                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     23170393                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst       474045                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     14001669                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst       404673                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     43172778                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst       450921                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     10567734                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst       474045                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     14001669                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst       427797                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     34131237                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst       404673                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     43172778                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst       404673                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     21089220                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst       381548                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     23205079                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst       393110                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     20892664                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst       335300                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     23158831                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst       416235                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     33934682                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst       450921                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     10602420                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst       439359                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     13978545                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst       474045                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     14001669                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               392543913                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst       358424                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst       312176                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst       474045                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst       404673                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst       450921                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst       474045                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst       427797                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst       404673                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst       404673                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst       381548                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst       393110                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst       335300                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst       416235                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst       450921                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst       439359                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst       474045                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            6601943                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         104740812                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              104740812                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         104740812                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst       358424                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     42860602                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst       312176                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     23170393                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst       474045                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     14001669                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst       404673                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     43172778                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst       450921                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     10567734                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst       474045                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     14001669                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst       427797                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     34131237                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst       404673                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     43172778                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst       404673                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     21089220                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst       381548                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     23205079                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst       393110                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     20892664                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst       335300                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     23158831                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst       416235                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     33934682                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst       450921                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     10602420                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst       439359                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     13978545                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst       474045                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     14001669                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              497284725                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles               26548394                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups        1761375                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1588882                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        94565                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       665951                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits         629117                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS          97003                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4156                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18692058                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts             11064936                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches           1761375                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches       726120                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles             2188844                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles        297117                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles      2954380                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           11                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines         1074307                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes        94735                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples     24035501                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.540122                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.835910                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0       21846657     90.89%     90.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1          77752      0.32%     91.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2         160751      0.67%     91.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3          67825      0.28%     92.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4         362548      1.51%     93.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5         324713      1.35%     95.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6          62769      0.26%     95.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7         130897      0.54%     95.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8        1001589      4.17%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total     24035501                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.066346                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.416784                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles       18475431                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles      3172472                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles         2180544                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles         7074                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles       199974                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved       154808                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          233                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts     12973586                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         1417                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles       199974                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles       18502477                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles       2948149                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles       131731                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles         2163844                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles        89320                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts     12965378                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents           41                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents        46846                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents        28926                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.FullRegisterEvents          873                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands     15229868                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups     61056054                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups     61056054                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps     13472728                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps        1757123                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts         1565                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts          821                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts          205534                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads      3056913                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores      1544865                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads        14096                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores        75476                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded         12938806                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1570                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued        12427331                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7535                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1018154                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2446412                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           71                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     24035501                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.517041                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.305964                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19561028     81.38%     81.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1374253      5.72%     87.10% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1106179      4.60%     91.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       476084      1.98%     93.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       595601      2.48%     96.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       561105      2.33%     98.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       319998      1.33%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        25473      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        15780      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     24035501                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         31234     11.33%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead       237421     86.14%     97.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         6975      2.53%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      7800288     62.77%     62.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       108066      0.87%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          744      0.01%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2977617     23.96%     87.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1540616     12.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total     12427331                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.468101                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt            275630                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022179                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     49173328                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     13958881                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12319900                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses     12702961                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        22206                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       122569                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           54                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          352                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10549                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1098                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles       199974                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles       2874800                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles        26343                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12940384                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          118                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3056913                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1544865                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          821                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents        16036                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           20                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          352                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        54598                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        55953                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts       110551                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12339896                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2968154                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        87435                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                   8                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs            4508569                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches        1617204                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores          1540415                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.464808                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent             12320303                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count            12319900                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers         6657097                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers        13153169                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.464054                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.506121                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10000000                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps     11751448                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1190294                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1499                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts        96420                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23835527                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.493022                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.310228                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19552694     82.03%     82.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1580007      6.63%     88.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       734736      3.08%     91.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       720909      3.02%     94.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       199938      0.84%     95.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       822246      3.45%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        62878      0.26%     99.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        45960      0.19%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       116159      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23835527                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts     10000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps     11751448                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs              4468660                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads             2934344                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars               748                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches          1551994                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts        10449670                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls       113801                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events       116159                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads           36661084                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes          26083496                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                401690                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles               2512893                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts          10000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps            11751448                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total     10000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.654839                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.654839                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.376671                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.376671                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads       60998347                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes      14312926                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads      15440347                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes         1498                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles               26548394                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups        1789538                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1608615                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       142303                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1228413                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1199852                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS         101416                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4198                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19096694                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts             10185757                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches           1789538                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches      1301268                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles             2273889                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles        472735                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles       792646                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines         1155206                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes       139290                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples     22492906                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.504249                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.732296                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0       20219017     89.89%     89.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1         357700      1.59%     91.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2         167818      0.75%     92.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3         353148      1.57%     93.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4         102464      0.46%     94.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5         329466      1.46%     95.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6          48658      0.22%     95.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7          76979      0.34%     96.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8         837656      3.72%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total     22492906                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.067407                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.383668                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles       18871446                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles      1022472                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles         2269195                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles         1891                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles       327898                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved       159191                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred         1780                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts     11321202                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         4344                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles       327898                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles       18896971                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles        748526                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles       195617                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles         2244828                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles        79062                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts     11302670                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents           13                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents         8787                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents        63627                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands     14738812                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups     51108300                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups     51108300                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps     11896789                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps        2842023                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts         1437                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts          731                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts          169988                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads      2108491                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores       312697                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1929                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores        69486                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded         11244721                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1443                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued        10514109                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         6756                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2072775                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4248216                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           16                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22492906                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.467441                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.076549                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17874113     79.47%     79.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1421705      6.32%     85.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1592116      7.08%     92.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       904830      4.02%     96.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       450971      2.00%     98.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       113330      0.50%     99.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       130242      0.58%     99.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3096      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2503      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22492906                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         16633     56.52%     56.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     56.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     56.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     56.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     56.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     56.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     56.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     56.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     56.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     56.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     56.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     56.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     56.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     56.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     56.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     56.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     56.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     56.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     56.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     56.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     56.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     56.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     56.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     56.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     56.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     56.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     56.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7159     24.33%     80.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         5637     19.15%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8201294     78.00%     78.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        77870      0.74%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          707      0.01%     78.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1924459     18.30%     97.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       309779      2.95%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total     10514109                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.396036                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt             29429                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002799                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     43557309                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     13318969                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     10245907                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses     10543538                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         7895                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       434654                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            7                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           34                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         7809                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles       327898                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles        648476                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles         9485                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     11246171                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1349                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2108491                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       312697                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          730                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents         3855                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          270                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           34                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        96330                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        54142                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts       150472                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts     10385522                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1897955                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       128587                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs            2207709                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches        1585010                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores           309754                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.391192                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent             10248437                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count            10245907                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers         6217301                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers        13259856                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.385933                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.468881                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8189251                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps      9159110                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2087566                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1427                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts       141257                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22165008                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.413224                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.283269                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18787374     84.76%     84.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1305285      5.89%     90.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       860786      3.88%     94.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       266066      1.20%     95.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       455495      2.06%     97.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        84551      0.38%     98.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        53187      0.24%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        47914      0.22%     98.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       304350      1.37%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22165008                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts      8189251                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps      9159110                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs              1978725                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads             1673837                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars               712                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches          1411513                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts         7985006                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls       108553                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events       304350                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads           33107308                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes          22821524                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                433042                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles               4055488                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts           8189251                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps             9159110                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total      8189251                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     3.241859                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               3.241859                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.308465                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.308465                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads       48381165                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes      13287002                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads      12133486                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes         1426                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles               26548394                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups        2051499                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1678449                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       202289                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       841396                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits         805703                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS         210808                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9170                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19741537                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts             11473317                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches           2051499                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches      1016511                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles             2393009                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles        553934                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles      1116767                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines         1209648                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes       202375                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples     23600342                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.597081                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.932412                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0       21207333     89.86%     89.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1         110861      0.47%     90.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2         176465      0.75%     91.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3         239106      1.01%     92.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4         246864      1.05%     93.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5         208766      0.88%     94.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6         116978      0.50%     94.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7         174696      0.74%     95.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8        1119273      4.74%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total     23600342                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.077274                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.432166                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles       19538051                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles      1322280                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles         2388317                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles         2892                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles       348799                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved       337636                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          232                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts     14078217                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         1358                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles       348799                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles       19591964                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles        187843                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles      1009636                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles         2337937                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles       124160                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts     14072502                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents           24                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents        18232                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents        53303                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands     19631382                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups     65463374                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups     65463374                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps     16978192                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps        2653187                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts         3441                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1770                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts          369804                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads      1318848                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores       712565                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8457                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores       229761                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded         14055186                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3453                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued        13330892                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2016                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1584637                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3804672                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           86                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23600342                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.564860                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.254680                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17915179     75.91%     75.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2372393     10.05%     85.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1190944      5.05%     91.01% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       870855      3.69%     94.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       688196      2.92%     97.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       281754      1.19%     98.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       176591      0.75%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        92494      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        11936      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23600342                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2769     12.41%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8509     38.14%     50.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11031     49.45%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11213195     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       199055      1.49%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1669      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1206747      9.05%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       710226      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total     13330892                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.502136                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt             22309                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001673                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50286451                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15643339                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13129846                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses     13353201                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        26842                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       215827                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           17                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           65                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10873                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles       348799                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles        157563                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12605                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14058665                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          627                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1318848                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       712565                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1772                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents        10669                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           65                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       116661                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       114468                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts       231129                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13146464                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1135428                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       184428                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                  26                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs            1845588                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches        1867079                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores           710160                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.495189                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent             13129971                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count            13129846                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers         7537289                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers        20320645                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.494563                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.370918                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9897443                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps     12178475                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1880197                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3367                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts       204633                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23251543                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.523771                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.364096                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18216328     78.34%     78.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2515433     10.82%     89.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       931967      4.01%     93.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       444906      1.91%     95.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       398909      1.72%     96.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       216491      0.93%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       173996      0.75%     98.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        85781      0.37%     98.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       267732      1.15%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23251543                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts      9897443                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps     12178475                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs              1804711                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads             1103019                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars              1680                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches          1756160                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts        10972592                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls       250740                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events       267732                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads           37042405                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes          28466157                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                301211                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles               2948052                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts           9897443                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps            12178475                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total      9897443                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.682349                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.682349                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.372808                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.372808                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads       59162403                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes      18289602                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads      13047470                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes         3362                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles               26548382                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups        1770514                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1597157                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        94384                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       657255                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits         630860                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS          97397                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4169                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18772633                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts             11125098                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches           1770514                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches       728257                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles             2199364                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles        298167                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles      2869480                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines         1078507                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes        94604                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples     24042910                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.542845                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.840491                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0       21843546     90.85%     90.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1          78017      0.32%     91.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2         161154      0.67%     91.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3          68000      0.28%     92.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4         363923      1.51%     93.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5         325962      1.36%     95.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6          62355      0.26%     95.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7         132007      0.55%     95.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8        1007946      4.19%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total     24042910                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.066690                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.419050                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles       18569539                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles      3074001                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles         2191113                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles         7053                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles       201198                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved       155624                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          235                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts     13043103                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         1441                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles       201198                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles       18595790                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles       2859718                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles       127120                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles         2175224                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles        83854                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts     13035221                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents           28                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents        42306                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents        28053                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.FullRegisterEvents          661                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands     15310690                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups     61383917                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups     61383917                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps     13540135                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps        1770465                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts         1553                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts          806                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts          197145                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads      3072690                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores      1553007                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads        14236                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores        74961                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded         13008493                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1559                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued        12489689                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7685                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1030812                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2485095                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           52                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     24042910                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.519475                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.309422                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19554631     81.33%     81.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1371969      5.71%     87.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1109836      4.62%     91.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       478516      1.99%     93.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       598758      2.49%     96.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       565436      2.35%     98.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       322097      1.34%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        25630      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        16037      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     24042910                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         31339     11.29%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead       239155     86.17%     97.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         7045      2.54%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      7837977     62.76%     62.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       108925      0.87%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          747      0.01%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2993372     23.97%     87.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1548668     12.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total     12489689                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.470450                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt            277539                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022221                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     49307512                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14041226                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12381504                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses     12767228                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        22430                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       122905                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           50                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          363                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10666                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1104                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles       201198                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles       2795740                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles        25303                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13010061                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          148                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3072690                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1553007                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          806                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents        15439                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            6                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          363                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        54006                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        56436                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts       110442                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12401837                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2983584                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        87852                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                   9                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs            4532058                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches        1625136                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores          1548474                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.467141                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent             12381909                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count            12381504                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers         6690383                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers        13214758                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.466375                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.506281                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10050773                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps     11810919                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1200398                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1507                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts        96238                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23841712                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.495389                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.313108                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19540170     81.96%     81.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1584597      6.65%     88.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       737665      3.09%     91.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       724880      3.04%     94.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       200717      0.84%     95.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       827877      3.47%     99.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        63110      0.26%     99.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        46129      0.19%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       116567      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23841712                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts     10050773                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps     11810919                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs              4492103                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads             2949769                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars               752                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches          1559771                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts        10502521                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls       114328                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events       116567                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads           36736436                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes          26223937                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                403563                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles               2505472                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts          10050773                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps            11810919                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total     10050773                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.641427                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.641427                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.378583                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.378583                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads       61303357                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes      14383640                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads      15523128                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes         1506                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles               26548394                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups        2295781                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1911460                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       210658                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       868950                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits         835545                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS         246624                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9753                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19955625                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts             12593876                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches           2295781                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches      1082169                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles             2623202                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles        588691                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles      1890333                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.MiscStallCycles         1665                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           82                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines         1241240                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes       201407                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples     24847022                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.623001                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.985507                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0       22223820     89.44%     89.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1         160216      0.64%     90.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2         201223      0.81%     90.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3         322660      1.30%     92.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4         136267      0.55%     92.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5         173506      0.70%     93.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6         202553      0.82%     94.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7          93058      0.37%     94.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8        1333719      5.37%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total     24847022                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.086475                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.474374                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles       19839184                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles      2020010                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles         2610707                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles         1289                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles       375824                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved       349259                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          291                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts     15394737                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         1638                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles       375824                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles       19859719                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles         64608                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles      1898876                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles         2591447                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles        56541                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts     15300289                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents           17                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents         8178                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents        39240                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands     21368211                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups     71142793                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups     71142793                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps     17827695                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps        3540479                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts         3688                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1919                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts          199556                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads      1435138                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores       747980                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8565                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores       170267                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded         14934310                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3703                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued        14311789                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        15304                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1843911                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3771845                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          134                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     24847022                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.575996                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.300581                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18784989     75.60%     75.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2764005     11.12%     86.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1130669      4.55%     91.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       632276      2.54%     93.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       858423      3.45%     97.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       265567      1.07%     98.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       260628      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       139397      0.56%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        11068      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     24847022                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         98930     78.94%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13589     10.84%     89.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12803     10.22%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12056749     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       195359      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1768      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1312628      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       745285      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total     14311789                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.539083                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt            125322                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008757                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     53611222                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16782010                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13935282                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses     14437111                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        10695                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       276311                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           88                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11485                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles       375824                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles         49185                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6301                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14938017                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        11652                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1435138                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       747980                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1920                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents         5478                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            6                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           88                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       123491                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       119488                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts       242979                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14060174                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1290414                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       251611                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs            2035579                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches        1987577                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores           745165                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.529605                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent             13935382                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count            13935282                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers         8348167                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers        22427746                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.524901                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.372225                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10372043                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps     12780904                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2157158                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3569                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts       212227                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     24471197                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.522284                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.340588                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19060105     77.89%     77.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2742965     11.21%     89.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       995906      4.07%     93.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       495973      2.03%     95.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       453427      1.85%     97.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       190380      0.78%     97.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       188657      0.77%     98.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        89614      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       254170      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     24471197                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts     10372043                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps     12780904                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs              1895319                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads             1158824                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars              1780                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches          1852442                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts        11507126                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls       263963                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events       254170                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads           39155011                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes          30251987                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                305244                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles               1701372                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts          10372043                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps            12780904                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total     10372043                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.559611                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.559611                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.390684                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.390684                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads       63260627                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes      19473262                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads      14233823                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes         3566                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles               26548394                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups        2052961                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1679679                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       202229                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       842512                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits         806402                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS         211013                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9171                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19751336                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts             11481653                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches           2052961                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches      1017415                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles             2394734                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles        553723                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles      1105243                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines         1210161                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes       202338                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples     23600185                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.597497                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.933009                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0       21205451     89.85%     89.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1         110964      0.47%     90.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2         176753      0.75%     91.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3         239111      1.01%     92.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4         246962      1.05%     93.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5         209037      0.89%     94.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6         117218      0.50%     94.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7         174620      0.74%     95.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8        1120069      4.75%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total     23600185                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.077329                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.432480                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles       19547583                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles      1311010                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles         2390078                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles         2869                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles       348642                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved       337846                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          232                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts     14087962                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         1358                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles       348642                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles       19601584                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles        195346                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles       990742                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles         2339574                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles       124294                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts     14082251                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents           18                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents        18199                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents        53399                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands     19645214                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups     65508158                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups     65508158                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps     16992776                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps        2652438                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts         3442                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1770                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts          370111                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads      1319564                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores       713107                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8507                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores       229877                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded         14064790                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3456                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued        13340347                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2015                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1584078                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3804221                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           84                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23600185                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.565265                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.255052                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17910891     75.89%     75.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2374322     10.06%     85.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1191769      5.05%     91.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       871185      3.69%     94.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       688946      2.92%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       281842      1.19%     98.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       176676      0.75%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        92550      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        12004      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23600185                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2773     12.42%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8508     38.10%     50.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11047     49.48%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11221030     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       199242      1.49%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1670      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1207635      9.05%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       710770      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total     13340347                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.502492                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt             22328                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001674                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50305222                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15652388                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13139490                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses     13362675                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        27093                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       215632                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           66                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10832                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles       348642                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles        165024                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12606                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14068272                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          791                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1319564                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       713107                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1772                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents        10681                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           66                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       116665                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       114425                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts       231090                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13156211                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1136490                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       184136                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                  26                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs            1847199                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches        1868492                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores           710709                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.495556                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent             13139612                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count            13139490                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers         7542981                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers        20334902                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.494926                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.370938                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9905937                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps     12188845                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1879437                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3372                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts       204578                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23251543                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.524217                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.364632                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18212298     78.33%     78.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2517385     10.83%     89.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       932603      4.01%     93.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       445298      1.92%     95.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       399307      1.72%     96.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       216667      0.93%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       174128      0.75%     98.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        85827      0.37%     98.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       268030      1.15%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23251543                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts      9905937                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps     12188845                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs              1806207                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads             1103932                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars              1682                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches          1757632                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts        10981932                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls       250942                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events       268030                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads           37051717                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes          28485220                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                301266                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles               2948209                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts           9905937                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps            12188845                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total      9905937                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.680049                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.680049                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.373128                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.373128                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads       59206698                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes      18303177                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads      13057097                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes         3368                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles               26548394                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups        1862874                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1524073                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       184079                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       765034                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits         732874                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS         190801                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8125                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18074280                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts             10571594                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches           1862874                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches       923675                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles             2214581                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles        536716                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles       907205                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines         1113486                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes       185070                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples     21544644                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.599665                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.943918                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0       19330063     89.72%     89.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1         120230      0.56%     90.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2         188667      0.88%     91.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3         301885      1.40%     92.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4         125283      0.58%     93.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5         139075      0.65%     93.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6         149173      0.69%     94.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7          97332      0.45%     94.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8        1092936      5.07%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total     21544644                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.070169                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.398201                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles       17902270                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles      1080927                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles         2207335                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles         5801                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles       348308                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved       304584                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          273                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts     12908907                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         1610                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles       348308                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles       17930555                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles        234181                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles       763672                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles         2185375                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles        82550                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts     12898856                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents         2520                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents        21821                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents        30755                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.FullRegisterEvents         6179                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands     17902295                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups     60001033                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups     60001033                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps     15240219                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps        2662076                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts         3366                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1891                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts          243119                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads      1231689                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores       661029                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads        19668                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores       150316                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded         12878274                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3378                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued        12176649                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        15881                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1654969                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3698718                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          403                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     21544644                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.565182                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.259020                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     16409188     76.16%     76.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2063740      9.58%     85.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1125670      5.22%     90.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       766681      3.56%     94.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       718748      3.34%     97.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       206567      0.96%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       161876      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        54949      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        37225      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     21544644                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2875     12.57%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead         9003     39.37%     51.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        10988     48.05%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10200713     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       192507      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1473      0.01%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1125404      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       656552      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total     12176649                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.458659                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt             22866                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001878                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     45936689                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14536781                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11977710                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses     12199515                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        36453                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       225679                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           36                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          166                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        21550                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          783                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles       348308                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles        152883                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles        10817                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12881676                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         2486                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1231689                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       661029                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1892                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents         7953                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          166                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       107097                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       105662                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts       212759                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12000839                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1058387                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       175810                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                  24                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs            1714602                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches        1688100                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores           656215                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.452036                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent             11977921                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count            11977710                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers         7004956                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers        18306964                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.451165                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.382639                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8952685                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps     10973605                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1908147                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         2975                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts       187753                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     21196336                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.517712                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.369212                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     16739752     78.97%     78.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2159670     10.19%     89.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       840750      3.97%     93.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       451070      2.13%     95.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       338572      1.60%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       189218      0.89%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       117605      0.55%     98.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       104375      0.49%     98.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       255324      1.20%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     21196336                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts      8952685                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps     10973605                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs              1645489                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads             1006010                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars              1484                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches          1575143                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts         9888066                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls       222908                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events       255324                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads           33822699                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes          26111842                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                295504                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles               5003750                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts           8952685                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps            10973605                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total      8952685                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.965411                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.965411                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.337221                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.337221                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads       54114504                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes      16602268                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads      12038146                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes         2972                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles               26548394                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups        1766753                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1593754                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        94522                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       657113                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits         629767                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS          97152                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4172                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18724503                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts             11099437                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches           1766753                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches       726919                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles             2194657                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles        298743                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles      2877887                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.MiscStallCycles          109                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           14                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines         1076015                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes        94699                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples     23999045                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.542550                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.839956                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0       21804388     90.86%     90.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1          78116      0.33%     91.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2         160999      0.67%     91.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3          67727      0.28%     92.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4         363449      1.51%     93.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5         325117      1.35%     95.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6          62386      0.26%     95.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7         131216      0.55%     95.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8        1005647      4.19%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total     23999045                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.066548                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.418083                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles       18511557                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles      3092404                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles         2186346                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles         7093                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles       201639                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved       155297                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          236                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts     13011960                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         1433                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles       201639                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles       18538257                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles       2873979                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles       129235                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles         2170164                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles        85765                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts     13004104                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents           28                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents        43907                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents        28213                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.FullRegisterEvents         1011                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands     15274516                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups     61235270                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups     61235270                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps     13501432                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps        1773084                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts         1560                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts          815                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts          200787                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads      3064514                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores      1549017                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads        14266                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores        75005                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded         12977060                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1566                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued        12457104                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7523                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1032816                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2488406                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           63                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23999045                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.519067                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.308670                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19519484     81.33%     81.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1370814      5.71%     87.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1109233      4.62%     91.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       476311      1.98%     93.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       597157      2.49%     96.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       563509      2.35%     98.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       320889      1.34%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        25800      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        15848      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23999045                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         31390     11.34%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead       238327     86.11%     97.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         7053      2.55%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      7818187     62.76%     62.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       108542      0.87%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          745      0.01%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2985047     23.96%     87.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1544583     12.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total     12457104                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.469223                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt            276770                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022218                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     49197546                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14011793                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12348990                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses     12733874                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        22336                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       122801                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           46                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          352                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10909                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1100                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles       201639                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles       2806467                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles        26272                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12978638                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          140                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3064514                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1549017                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          815                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents        15963                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           14                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          352                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        54046                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        56555                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts       110601                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12369292                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2975523                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        87812                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                  12                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs            4519905                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches        1620766                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores          1544382                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.465915                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent             12349405                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count            12348990                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers         6672591                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers        13181663                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.465150                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.506203                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10022457                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps     11777540                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1202482                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1503                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts        96375                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23797406                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.494909                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.312508                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19506987     81.97%     81.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1581181      6.64%     88.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       736235      3.09%     91.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       722484      3.04%     94.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       200070      0.84%     95.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       825236      3.47%     99.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        62919      0.26%     99.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        45889      0.19%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       116405      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23797406                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts     10022457                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps     11777540                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs              4479821                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads             2941713                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars               750                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches          1555345                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts        10472822                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls       113988                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events       116405                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads           36660997                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes          26161716                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                402443                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles               2549349                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts          10022457                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps            11777540                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total     10022457                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.648891                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.648891                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.377517                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.377517                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads       61142678                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes      14345698                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads      15485709                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes         1502                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles               26548394                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups        1943086                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1593753                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       192455                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       795012                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits         756178                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS         198380                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8469                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18550577                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts             11050702                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches           1943086                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches       954558                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles             2428676                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles        548587                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles      1891565                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines         1144674                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes       190991                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples     23223760                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.581818                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.917610                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0       20795084     89.54%     89.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1         262737      1.13%     90.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2         304510      1.31%     91.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3         166626      0.72%     92.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4         191847      0.83%     93.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5         106196      0.46%     93.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6          72225      0.31%     94.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7         187643      0.81%     95.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8        1136892      4.90%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total     23223760                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.073190                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.416247                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles       18398502                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles      2046939                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles         2408477                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles        18902                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles       350937                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved       314723                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred         2005                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts     13486522                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts        10479                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles       350937                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles       18428194                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles        526783                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles      1438003                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles         2398580                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles        81260                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts     13477136                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents           31                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents        19863                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents        38200                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.FullRegisterEvents           31                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands     18730305                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups     62750463                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups     62750463                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps     15958570                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps        2771735                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts         3621                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2061                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts          222656                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads      1289040                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores       700331                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads        18410                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores       155168                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded         13454794                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3626                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued        12701782                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17817                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1705674                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3955505                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          492                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23223760                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.546930                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.240193                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17872947     76.96%     76.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2151276      9.26%     86.22% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1155822      4.98%     91.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       802230      3.45%     94.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       699813      3.01%     97.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       356840      1.54%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        87062      0.37%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        55812      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        41958      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23223760                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3227     11.56%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead        12228     43.80%     55.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12463     44.64%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10631599     83.70%     83.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       198753      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1553      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1174727      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       695150      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total     12701782                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.478439                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt             27918                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002198                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     48673059                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15164223                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12488768                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses     12729700                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        31555                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       231633                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           73                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          132                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        16128                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          777                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          102                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles       350937                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles        484875                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13003                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13458440                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         4423                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1289040                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       700331                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2061                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9308                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          132                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       111159                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       108485                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts       219644                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12513250                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1103481                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       188532                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                  20                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs            1798423                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches        1750092                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores           694942                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.471337                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent             12489024                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count            12488768                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers         7425071                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers        19452014                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.470415                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.381712                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9372040                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps     11497362                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1961261                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3134                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts       193455                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22872823                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.502665                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.318507                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18175145     79.46%     79.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2178589      9.52%     88.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       913507      3.99%     92.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       548341      2.40%     95.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       379321      1.66%     97.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       245451      1.07%     98.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       127525      0.56%     98.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       102505      0.45%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       202439      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22872823                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts      9372040                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps     11497362                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs              1741610                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads             1057407                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars              1564                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches          1645257                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts        10365386                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls       233817                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events       202439                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads           36128942                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes          27268193                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                286373                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles               3324634                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts           9372040                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps            11497362                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total      9372040                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.832723                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.832723                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.353017                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.353017                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads       56444524                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes      17334743                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads      12587456                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes         3130                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles               26548394                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups        1795268                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1613423                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       142358                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1233793                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1203866                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS         101868                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4199                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19149228                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts             10214441                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches           1795268                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches      1305734                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles             2281056                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles        472663                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles       801409                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          118                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines         1158152                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes       139380                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples     22561352                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.504200                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.732104                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0       20280296     89.89%     89.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1         358553      1.59%     91.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2         169020      0.75%     92.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3         354526      1.57%     93.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4         102460      0.45%     94.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5         330657      1.47%     95.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6          48721      0.22%     95.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7          77137      0.34%     96.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8         839982      3.72%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total     22561352                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.067622                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.384748                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles       18923073                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles      1032272                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles         2276392                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles         1866                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles       327745                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved       160001                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred         1795                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts     11354794                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         4390                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles       327745                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles       18948771                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles        751009                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles       202681                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles         2251830                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles        79312                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts     11336289                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents           25                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents         8839                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents        63792                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands     14782565                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups     51260467                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups     51260467                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps     11943707                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps        2838848                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts         1443                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts          734                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts          170526                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads      2113653                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores       314272                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1866                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores        71402                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded         11278308                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1448                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued        10548970                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         6907                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2070770                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4241419                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           17                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22561352                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.467568                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.076471                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17925876     79.45%     79.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1427089      6.33%     85.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1598939      7.09%     92.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       907984      4.02%     96.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       451781      2.00%     98.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       113298      0.50%     99.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       130791      0.58%     99.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3061      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2533      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22561352                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         16732     56.59%     56.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     56.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     56.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     56.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     56.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     56.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     56.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     56.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     56.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     56.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     56.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     56.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     56.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     56.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     56.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     56.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     56.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     56.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     56.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     56.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     56.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     56.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     56.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     56.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     56.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     56.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     56.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7177     24.28%     80.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         5656     19.13%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8228690     78.00%     78.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        78290      0.74%     78.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          710      0.01%     78.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1929984     18.30%     97.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       311296      2.95%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total     10548970                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.397349                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt             29565                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002803                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     43695764                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     13350559                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     10280942                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses     10578535                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         7876                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       434406                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           37                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         7895                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles       327745                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles        650430                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles         9467                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     11279767                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1363                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2113653                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       314272                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          733                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents         3820                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          267                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           37                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        96525                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        53841                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts       150366                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts     10420365                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1903170                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       128605                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                  11                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs            2214437                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches        1590762                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores           311267                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.392505                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent             10283504                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count            10280942                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers         6237998                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers        13306756                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.387253                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.468784                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8219818                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps      9194522                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2085730                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1431                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts       141305                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22233606                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.413542                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.283605                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18842033     84.75%     84.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1311266      5.90%     90.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       864220      3.89%     94.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       267330      1.20%     95.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       456957      2.06%     97.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        84831      0.38%     98.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        53373      0.24%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        48163      0.22%     98.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       305433      1.37%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22233606                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts      8219818                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps      9194522                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs              1985622                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads             1679245                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars               714                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches          1416893                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts         8016220                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls       109095                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events       305433                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads           33208399                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes          22888554                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                433943                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles               3987042                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts           8219818                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps             9194522                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total      8219818                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     3.229803                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               3.229803                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.309616                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.309616                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads       48542178                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes      13332611                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads      12168538                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes         1430                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles               26548394                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups        1941207                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1591838                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       192725                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       799512                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits         756845                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS         198445                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8562                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18564329                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts             11045212                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches           1941207                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches       955290                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles             2429063                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles        547394                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles      1864488                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines         1145533                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes       191294                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples     23209377                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.581883                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.917434                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0       20780314     89.53%     89.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1         262884      1.13%     90.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2         305558      1.32%     91.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3         167361      0.72%     92.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4         191972      0.83%     93.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5         106002      0.46%     93.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6          72187      0.31%     94.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7         186742      0.80%     95.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8        1136357      4.90%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total     23209377                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.073120                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.416041                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles       18411969                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles      2020055                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles         2408896                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles        18962                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles       349492                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved       314783                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred         2005                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts     13479923                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts        10542                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles       349492                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles       18441704                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles        539882                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles      1398087                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles         2399072                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles        81137                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts     13470831                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents           18                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents        19706                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents        38288                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.FullRegisterEvents           31                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands     18721154                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups     62724524                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups     62724524                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps     15963778                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps        2757376                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts         3567                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2006                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts          222084                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads      1288191                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores       700205                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads        18632                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores       154299                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded         13448923                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3572                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued        12701775                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17588                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1693446                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3926468                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          438                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23209377                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.547269                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.240497                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17857479     76.94%     76.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2153208      9.28%     86.22% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1155737      4.98%     91.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       801281      3.45%     94.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       699899      3.02%     97.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       356800      1.54%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        87120      0.38%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        55890      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        41963      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23209377                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3169     11.56%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead        11821     43.12%     54.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12422     45.32%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10632147     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       198525      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1554      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1174520      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       695029      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total     12701775                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.478439                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt             27412                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002158                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     48657927                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15146072                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12489387                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses     12729187                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        31620                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       230432                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           71                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          133                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        15770                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          777                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           73                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles       349492                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles        495655                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12849                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13452518                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         4664                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1288191                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       700205                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2007                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9171                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          133                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       111536                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       108272                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts       219808                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12513460                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1103413                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       188315                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                  23                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs            1798236                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches        1749856                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores           694823                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.471345                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent             12489624                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count            12489387                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers         7423957                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers        19449530                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.470439                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.381704                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9375094                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps     11501184                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1951498                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3134                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts       193738                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22859885                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.503116                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.318928                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18160481     79.44%     79.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2179203      9.53%     88.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       913906      4.00%     92.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       548860      2.40%     95.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       379215      1.66%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       245831      1.08%     98.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       127623      0.56%     98.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       102292      0.45%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       202474      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22859885                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts      9375094                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps     11501184                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs              1742194                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads             1057759                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars              1564                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches          1645824                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts        10368841                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls       233910                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events       202474                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads           36110028                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes          27254869                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                286751                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles               3339017                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts           9375094                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps            11501184                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total      9375094                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.831800                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.831800                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.353132                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.353132                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads       56449360                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes      17335383                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads      12582113                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes         3130                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles               26548394                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups        1785083                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1604625                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       141876                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1226460                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1197943                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS         100924                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4110                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19049530                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts             10157049                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches           1785083                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches      1298867                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles             2268180                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles        471055                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles       805777                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines         1152398                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes       138899                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples     22451913                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.503714                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.731150                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0       20183733     89.90%     89.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1         356420      1.59%     91.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2         167774      0.75%     92.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3         352877      1.57%     93.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4         102445      0.46%     94.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5         328990      1.47%     95.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6          48366      0.22%     95.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7          76652      0.34%     96.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8         834656      3.72%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total     22451913                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.067239                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.382586                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles       18823738                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles      1036116                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles         2263584                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles         1819                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles       326652                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved       158768                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred         1774                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts     11288900                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         4353                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles       326652                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles       18849323                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles        754466                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles       203512                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles         2239098                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles        78858                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts     11270252                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents           30                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents         8664                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents        63565                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands     14693526                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups     50959190                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups     50959190                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps     11864865                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps        2828593                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts         1426                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts          723                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts          169245                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads      2104895                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores       311616                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1913                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores        70765                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded         11212405                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1431                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued        10484773                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         6902                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2063961                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4233879                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           12                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22451913                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.466988                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.075867                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17844711     79.48%     79.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1417716      6.31%     85.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1589842      7.08%     92.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       902612      4.02%     96.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       449205      2.00%     98.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       112320      0.50%     99.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       129951      0.58%     99.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3037      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2519      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22451913                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         16606     56.55%     56.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     56.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     56.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     56.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     56.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     56.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     56.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     56.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     56.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     56.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     56.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     56.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     56.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     56.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     56.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     56.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     56.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     56.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     56.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     56.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     56.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     56.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     56.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     56.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     56.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     56.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     56.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7153     24.36%     80.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         5606     19.09%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8176978     77.99%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        77602      0.74%     78.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          704      0.01%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1920975     18.32%     97.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       308514      2.94%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total     10484773                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.394931                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt             29365                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002801                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     43457723                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     13277827                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     10217142                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses     10514138                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         7631                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       434334                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            8                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           33                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         7813                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles       326652                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles        654241                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles         9460                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     11213846                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1353                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2104895                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       311616                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          722                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents         3827                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          271                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           33                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        96247                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        53657                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts       149904                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts     10356667                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1894260                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       128103                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                  10                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs            2202744                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches        1581259                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores           308484                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.390105                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent             10219753                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count            10217142                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers         6199235                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers        13215763                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.384850                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.469079                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8168934                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps      9135419                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2078879                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1419                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts       140832                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22125261                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.412895                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.282895                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18756533     84.77%     84.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1301646      5.88%     90.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       859064      3.88%     94.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       265055      1.20%     95.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       454242      2.05%     97.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        84070      0.38%     98.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        53097      0.24%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        47852      0.22%     98.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       303702      1.37%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22125261                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts      8168934                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps      9135419                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs              1974346                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads             1670543                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars               708                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches          1408004                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts         7964006                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls       108180                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events       303702                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads           33035831                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes          22755579                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                432171                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles               4096481                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts           8168934                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps             9135419                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total      8168934                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     3.249921                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               3.249921                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.307700                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.307700                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads       48248062                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes      13248030                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads      12100318                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes         1418                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles               26548394                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups        1863694                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1524322                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       184153                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       765932                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits         731845                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS         191147                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8172                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18086470                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts             10577937                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches           1863694                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches       922992                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles             2214233                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles        537954                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles       860072                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines         1114100                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes       185072                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples     21510498                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.600938                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.946002                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0       19296265     89.71%     89.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1         119556      0.56%     90.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2         187909      0.87%     91.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3         301591      1.40%     92.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4         125138      0.58%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5         139321      0.65%     93.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6         149295      0.69%     94.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7          97987      0.46%     94.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8        1093436      5.08%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total     21510498                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.070200                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.398440                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles       17914021                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles      1034205                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles         2207125                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles         5691                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles       349453                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved       305102                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          273                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts     12915676                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         1616                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles       349453                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles       17941971                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles        215371                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles       736900                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles         2185419                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles        81381                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts     12905933                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents         2548                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents        21427                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents        30751                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.FullRegisterEvents         5440                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands     17913395                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups     60032814                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups     60032814                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps     15244877                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps        2668518                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts         3387                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1911                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts          242463                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads      1231702                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores       661461                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads        19496                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores       150255                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded         12886853                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3398                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued        12185462                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        15913                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1657959                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3698602                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          422                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     21510498                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.566489                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.260376                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     16372903     76.12%     76.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2063306      9.59%     85.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1126440      5.24%     90.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       767342      3.57%     94.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       719619      3.35%     97.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       206370      0.96%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       162127      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        54966      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        37425      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     21510498                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2869     12.69%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8759     38.75%     51.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        10977     48.56%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10207953     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       192646      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1474      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1126518      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       656871      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total     12185462                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.458991                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt             22605                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001855                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     45919940                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14548360                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11986333                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses     12208067                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        36527                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       225363                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           23                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          156                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        21757                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          784                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles       349453                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles        141742                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles        10748                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12890274                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          217                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1231702                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       661461                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1911                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents         7864                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          156                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       106892                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       105727                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts       212619                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12009223                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1059007                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       176239                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                  23                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs            1715572                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches        1689105                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores           656565                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.452352                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent             11986536                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count            11986333                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers         7008046                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers        18313007                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.451490                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.382681                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8955435                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps     10977047                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1913290                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         2976                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts       187850                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     21161045                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.518738                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.370205                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     16702847     78.93%     78.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2159751     10.21%     89.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       841638      3.98%     93.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       451594      2.13%     95.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       338681      1.60%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       189460      0.90%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       117572      0.56%     98.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       104234      0.49%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       255268      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     21161045                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts      8955435                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps     10977047                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs              1646043                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads             1006339                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars              1484                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches          1575652                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts         9891180                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls       222990                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events       255268                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads           33796049                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes          26130163                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                295776                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles               5037896                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts           8955435                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps            10977047                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total      8955435                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.964501                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.964501                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.337325                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.337325                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads       54154029                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes      16613658                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads      12045630                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes         2974                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles               26548394                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups        2296120                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1911606                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       210588                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       869467                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits         836143                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS         246648                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9748                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19961894                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts             12596234                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches           2296120                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches      1082791                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles             2624158                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles        588232                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles      1885679                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.MiscStallCycles         3197                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           82                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines         1241498                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes       201313                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples     24850733                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.623024                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.985456                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0       22226575     89.44%     89.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1         160323      0.65%     90.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2         201590      0.81%     90.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3         322929      1.30%     92.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4         136310      0.55%     92.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5         173593      0.70%     93.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6         202643      0.82%     94.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7          92917      0.37%     94.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8        1333853      5.37%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total     24850733                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.086488                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.474463                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles       19846940                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles      2015420                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles         2611632                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles         1298                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles       375435                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved       349438                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          288                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts     15397542                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         1626                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles       375435                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles       19867498                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles         64748                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles      1894096                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles         2592364                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles        56585                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts     15302948                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents           14                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents         8219                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents        39261                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands     21372059                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups     71155461                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups     71155461                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps     17835304                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps        3536730                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts         3690                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1920                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts          199604                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads      1435238                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores       748334                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8605                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores       170340                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded         14936953                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3705                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued        14315660                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        15169                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1841198                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3764891                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          132                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     24850733                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.576066                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.300592                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18786444     75.60%     75.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2765331     11.13%     86.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1131222      4.55%     91.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       632448      2.54%     93.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       858799      3.46%     97.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       265304      1.07%     98.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       260558      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       139539      0.56%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        11088      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     24850733                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         98908     78.94%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13572     10.83%     89.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12811     10.22%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12059891     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       195428      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1769      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1312918      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       745654      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total     14315660                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.539229                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt            125291                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008752                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     53622512                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16781945                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13939558                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses     14440951                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        10724                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       275918                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            8                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           91                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11528                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles       375435                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles         49299                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6294                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14940663                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        11735                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1435238                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       748334                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1921                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents         5484                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            5                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           91                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       123476                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       119426                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts       242902                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14064307                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1290840                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       251352                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs            2036369                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches        1988291                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores           745529                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.529761                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent             13939657                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count            13939558                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers         8350912                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers        22433674                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.525062                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.372249                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10376492                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps     12786330                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2154389                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3573                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts       212161                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     24475298                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.522418                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.340753                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19061930     77.88%     77.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2744231     11.21%     89.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       996130      4.07%     93.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       496269      2.03%     95.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       453641      1.85%     97.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       190443      0.78%     97.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       188683      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        89613      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       254358      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     24475298                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts     10376492                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps     12786330                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs              1896123                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads             1159317                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars              1782                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches          1853208                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts        11512030                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls       264073                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events       254358                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads           39161581                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes          30256900                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                305233                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles               1697661                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts          10376492                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps            12786330                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total     10376492                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.558513                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.558513                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.390852                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.390852                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads       63279365                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes      19479026                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads      14237020                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes         3570                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles               26548394                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups        2053068                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1679944                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       202302                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       839977                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits         805294                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS         211037                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9192                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19747669                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts             11481680                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches           2053068                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches      1016331                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles             2394419                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles        554416                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles      1083633                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines         1210161                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes       202398                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples     23575217                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.598169                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.934137                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0       21180798     89.84%     89.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1         110931      0.47%     90.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2         176455      0.75%     91.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3         239063      1.01%     92.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4         246914      1.05%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5         209471      0.89%     94.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6         115962      0.49%     94.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7         174843      0.74%     95.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8        1120780      4.75%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total     23575217                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.077333                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.432481                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles       19544541                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles      1288752                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles         2389773                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles         2881                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles       349267                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved       337706                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          231                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts     14089042                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         1350                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles       349267                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles       19598189                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles        181040                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles       983492                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles         2339659                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles       123567                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts     14083461                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents           20                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents        18146                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents        53088                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands     19649068                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups     65513221                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups     65513221                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps     16987917                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps        2661060                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts         3427                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1755                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts          368246                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads      1320046                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores       712949                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8438                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores       229488                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded         14066146                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3441                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued        13340252                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1992                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1587139                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3813753                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           69                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23575217                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.565859                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.255614                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17886605     75.87%     75.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2373083     10.07%     85.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1192165      5.06%     90.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       871658      3.70%     94.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       688648      2.92%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       281658      1.19%     98.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       176897      0.75%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        92423      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        12080      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23575217                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2711     12.05%     12.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8620     38.33%     50.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11160     49.62%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11220911     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       199379      1.49%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1670      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1207661      9.05%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       710631      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total     13340252                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.502488                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt             22491                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001686                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50280204                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15656790                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13138343                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses     13362743                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        26732                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       216411                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            6                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           67                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10850                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles       349267                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles        150796                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12660                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14069611                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          550                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1320046                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       712949                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1757                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents        10727                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           67                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       116730                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       114874                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts       231604                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13154990                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1136257                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       185262                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                  24                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs            1846829                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches        1868455                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores           710572                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.495510                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent             13138471                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count            13138343                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers         7543582                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers        20334306                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.494883                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.370978                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9903157                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps     12185419                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1884134                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3372                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts       204647                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23225950                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.524647                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.364962                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18187692     78.31%     78.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2516773     10.84%     89.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       932504      4.01%     93.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       445596      1.92%     95.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       398865      1.72%     96.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       216752      0.93%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       174291      0.75%     98.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        85932      0.37%     98.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       267545      1.15%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23225950                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts      9903157                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps     12185419                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs              1805720                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads             1103627                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars              1682                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches          1757118                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts        10978882                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls       250880                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events       267545                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads           37027880                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes          28488452                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                301189                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles               2973177                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts           9903157                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps            12185419                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total      9903157                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.680801                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.680801                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.373023                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.373023                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads       59199152                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes      18303095                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads      13056917                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes         3368                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles               26548394                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups        2054460                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1680893                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       202371                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       843128                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits         806999                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS         211172                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9175                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19765649                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts             11489898                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches           2054460                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches      1018171                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles             2396466                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles        554097                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles      1085903                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines         1211032                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes       202478                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples     23597122                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.598007                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.933750                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0       21200656     89.84%     89.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1         111036      0.47%     90.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2         176870      0.75%     91.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3         239288      1.01%     92.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4         247145      1.05%     93.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5         209209      0.89%     94.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6         117307      0.50%     94.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7         174760      0.74%     95.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8        1120851      4.75%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total     23597122                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.077385                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.432791                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles       19561738                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles      1291833                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles         2391797                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles         2877                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles       348874                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved       338102                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          232                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts     14098128                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         1358                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles       348874                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles       19615776                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles        189012                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles       977772                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles         2341264                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles       124421                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts     14092403                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents           16                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents        18262                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents        53427                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands     19659294                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups     65555355                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups     65555355                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps     17005128                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps        2654149                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts         3443                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1770                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts          370376                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads      1320523                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores       713619                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8519                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores       230012                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded         14074941                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3456                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued        13350060                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2014                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1585106                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3806521                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           84                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23597122                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.565750                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.255493                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17903817     75.87%     75.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2375886     10.07%     85.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1192627      5.05%     91.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       871839      3.69%     94.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       689460      2.92%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       282055      1.20%     98.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       176793      0.75%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        92630      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        12015      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23597122                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2775     12.42%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8512     38.10%     50.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11052     49.47%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11229188     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       199395      1.49%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1671      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1208523      9.05%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       711283      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total     13350060                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.502858                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt             22339                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001673                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50321593                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15663567                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13149062                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses     13372399                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        27111                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       215780                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           66                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10838                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles       348874                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles        158683                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12619                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14078423                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          791                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1320523                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       713619                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1772                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents        10695                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           66                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       116752                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       114498                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts       231250                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13165789                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1137319                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       184269                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                  26                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs            1848539                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches        1869877                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores           711220                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.495917                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent             13149183                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count            13149062                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers         7548425                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers        20349602                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.495287                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.370937                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9913106                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps     12197737                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1880680                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3372                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts       204720                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23248248                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.524673                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.365132                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18205306     78.31%     78.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2519206     10.84%     89.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       933328      4.01%     93.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       445637      1.92%     95.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       399564      1.72%     96.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       216840      0.93%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       174275      0.75%     98.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        85878      0.37%     98.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       268214      1.15%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23248248                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts      9913106                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps     12197737                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs              1807520                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads             1104739                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars              1682                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches          1758936                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts        10989949                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls       251139                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events       268214                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads           37058373                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes          28505738                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                301475                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles               2951272                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts           9913106                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps            12197737                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total      9913106                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.678111                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.678111                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.373398                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.373398                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads       59249747                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes      18316433                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads      13066480                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes         3368                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l200.replacements                         3738                       # number of replacements
system.l200.tagsinuse                     2047.932804                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l200.total_refs                         151663                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.sampled_refs                         5786                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.avg_refs                        26.212064                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l200.occ_blocks::writebacks           4.286216                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    12.884979                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data  1272.398570                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::cpu00.data         758.363038                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002093                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.006291                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.621288                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::cpu00.data          0.370294                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::total               0.999967                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         3663                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::total                  3664                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1226                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::total                1226                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data         3666                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::total                   3667                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data         3666                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::total                  3667                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3704                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::total                3735                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_misses::total                 3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3707                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::total                 3738                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           31                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3707                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::total                3738                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     66898192                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3609154013                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    3676052205                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      3029811                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      3029811                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     66898192                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3612183824                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::total     3679082016                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     66898192                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3612183824                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::total    3679082016                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         7367                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::total              7399                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1226                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::total            1226                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::total               6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         7373                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::total               7405                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           32                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         7373                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::total              7405                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.968750                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.502783                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.504798                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.968750                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.502780                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::total          0.504794                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.968750                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.502780                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::total         0.504794                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2158006.193548                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 974393.632019                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 984217.457831                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      1009937                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total      1009937                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2158006.193548                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 974422.396547                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 984238.099518                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2158006.193548                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 974422.396547                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 984238.099518                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l200.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l200.writebacks::writebacks                668                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.writebacks::total                     668                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3704                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           3735                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3707                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::total            3738                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3707                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::total           3738                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     64176392                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3283907982                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3348084374                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      2766411                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2766411                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     64176392                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3286674393                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3350850785                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     64176392                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3286674393                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3350850785                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.502783                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.504798                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.502780                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.504794                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.502780                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.504794                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2070206.193548                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 886584.228402                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 896408.132262                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       922137                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       922137                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2070206.193548                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 886613.000540                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 896428.781434                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2070206.193548                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 886613.000540                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 896428.781434                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l201.replacements                         2031                       # number of replacements
system.l201.tagsinuse                     2047.808837                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l201.total_refs                         114962                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.sampled_refs                         4079                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.avg_refs                        28.183869                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l201.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.806002                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    16.470100                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   930.396765                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::cpu01.data        1071.135970                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014554                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.008042                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.454295                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::cpu01.data          0.523016                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::total               0.999907                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         3280                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::total                  3281                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::writebacks            587                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::total                 587                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::total                   6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data         3286                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::total                   3287                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data         3286                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::total                  3287                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2004                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::total                2031                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2004                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::total                 2031                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2004                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::total                2031                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     34484949                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1558017809                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1592502758                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     34484949                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1558017809                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::total     1592502758                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     34484949                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1558017809                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::total    1592502758                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         5284                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::total              5312                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          587                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::total             587                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::total               6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         5290                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::total               5318                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         5290                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::total              5318                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.379258                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.382342                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.378828                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::total          0.381910                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.378828                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::total         0.381910                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1277220.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 777453.996507                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 784097.862137                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1277220.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 777453.996507                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 784097.862137                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1277220.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 777453.996507                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 784097.862137                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l201.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l201.writebacks::writebacks                291                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.writebacks::total                     291                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2004                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2031                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2004                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::total            2031                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2004                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::total           2031                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     32114349                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1382034900                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1414149249                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     32114349                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1382034900                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1414149249                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     32114349                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1382034900                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1414149249                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.379258                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.382342                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.378828                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.381910                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.378828                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.381910                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1189420.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 689638.173653                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 696282.249631                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1189420.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 689638.173653                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 696282.249631                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1189420.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 689638.173653                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 696282.249631                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l202.replacements                         1253                       # number of replacements
system.l202.tagsinuse                     2047.424672                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l202.total_refs                         154517                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.sampled_refs                         3299                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.avg_refs                        46.837527                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l202.occ_blocks::writebacks          27.099398                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    30.442473                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   584.348224                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::cpu02.data        1405.534578                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013232                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.014864                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.285326                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::cpu02.data          0.686296                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::total               0.999719                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         2923                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::total                  2925                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::writebacks            957                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::total                 957                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::total                  18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data         2941                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::total                   2943                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data         2941                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::total                  2943                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1212                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::total                1253                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1212                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::total                 1253                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1212                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::total                1253                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     82935929                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    986728864                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1069664793                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     82935929                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    986728864                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::total     1069664793                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     82935929                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    986728864                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::total    1069664793                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         4135                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::total              4178                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          957                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::total             957                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::total              18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         4153                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::total               4196                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           43                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         4153                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::total              4196                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.293108                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.299904                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.291837                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::total          0.298618                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.291837                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::total         0.298618                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2022827.536585                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 814132.726073                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 853682.995211                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2022827.536585                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 814132.726073                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 853682.995211                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2022827.536585                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 814132.726073                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 853682.995211                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l202.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l202.writebacks::writebacks                532                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.writebacks::total                     532                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l202.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l202.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l202.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l202.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1211                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1252                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1211                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::total            1252                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1211                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::total           1252                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     79336129                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    879162264                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    958498393                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     79336129                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    879162264                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    958498393                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     79336129                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    879162264                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    958498393                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.292866                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.299665                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.291596                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.298379                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.291596                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.298379                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1935027.536585                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 725980.399670                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 765573.796326                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1935027.536585                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 725980.399670                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 765573.796326                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1935027.536585                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 725980.399670                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 765573.796326                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l203.replacements                         3769                       # number of replacements
system.l203.tagsinuse                     2047.933195                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l203.total_refs                         151673                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.sampled_refs                         5817                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.avg_refs                        26.074093                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l203.occ_blocks::writebacks           4.273507                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    14.296739                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data  1277.616920                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::cpu03.data         751.746029                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002087                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.006981                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.623836                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::cpu03.data          0.367063                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::total               0.999967                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         3670                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::total                  3671                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1229                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::total                1229                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data         3673                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::total                   3674                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data         3673                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::total                  3674                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3731                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::total                3766                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_misses::total                 3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3734                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::total                 3769                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3734                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::total                3769                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     63989369                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3527344308                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    3591333677                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      2055273                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      2055273                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     63989369                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3529399581                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::total     3593388950                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     63989369                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3529399581                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::total    3593388950                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         7401                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::total              7437                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1229                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::total            1229                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::total               6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         7407                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::total               7443                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         7407                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::total              7443                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.504121                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.506387                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.504118                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::total          0.506382                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.504118                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::total         0.506382                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1828267.685714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 945415.252747                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 953620.201009                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       685091                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total       685091                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1828267.685714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 945206.100964                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 953406.460600                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1828267.685714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 945206.100964                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 953406.460600                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l203.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l203.writebacks::writebacks                671                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.writebacks::total                     671                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3731                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           3766                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3734                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::total            3769                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3734                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::total           3769                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     60915611                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3199701224                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3260616835                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      1791873                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1791873                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     60915611                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3201493097                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3262408708                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     60915611                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3201493097                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3262408708                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.504121                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.506387                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.504118                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.506382                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.504118                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.506382                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1740446.028571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 857598.827124                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 865803.726766                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       597291                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       597291                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1740446.028571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 857389.688538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 865589.999469                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1740446.028571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 857389.688538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 865589.999469                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l204.replacements                          953                       # number of replacements
system.l204.tagsinuse                     2047.518166                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l204.total_refs                         177771                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.sampled_refs                         3001                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.avg_refs                        59.237254                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l204.occ_blocks::writebacks          39.319746                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    32.276221                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   449.173817                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::cpu04.data        1526.748382                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_percent::writebacks          0.019199                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.015760                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.219323                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::cpu04.data          0.745483                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::total               0.999765                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         2839                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::total                  2841                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::writebacks            880                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::total                 880                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::total                  15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data         2854                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::total                   2856                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data         2854                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::total                  2856                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          914                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::total                 953                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data          914                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::total                  953                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data          914                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::total                 953                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    116814895                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    748864467                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     865679362                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    116814895                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    748864467                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::total      865679362                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    116814895                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    748864467                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::total     865679362                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         3753                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::total              3794                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          880                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::total             880                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::total              15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         3768                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::total               3809                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         3768                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::total              3809                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.243539                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.251186                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.242569                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::total          0.250197                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.242569                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::total         0.250197                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2995253.717949                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 819326.550328                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 908372.887723                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2995253.717949                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 819326.550328                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 908372.887723                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2995253.717949                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 819326.550328                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 908372.887723                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l204.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l204.writebacks::writebacks                494                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.writebacks::total                     494                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          914                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            953                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          914                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::total             953                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          914                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::total            953                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    113390695                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    668601165                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    781991860                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    113390695                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    668601165                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    781991860                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    113390695                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    668601165                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    781991860                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.243539                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.251186                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.242569                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.250197                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.242569                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.250197                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2907453.717949                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 731511.121444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 820558.090241                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2907453.717949                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 731511.121444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 820558.090241                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2907453.717949                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 731511.121444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 820558.090241                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l205.replacements                         1253                       # number of replacements
system.l205.tagsinuse                     2047.424725                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l205.total_refs                         154524                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.sampled_refs                         3299                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.avg_refs                        46.839648                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l205.occ_blocks::writebacks          27.099272                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    30.441810                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   584.213314                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::cpu05.data        1405.670328                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013232                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.014864                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.285260                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::cpu05.data          0.686362                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::total               0.999719                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         2929                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::total                  2931                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::writebacks            958                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::total                 958                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::total                  18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data         2947                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::total                   2949                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data         2947                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::total                  2949                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1212                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::total                1253                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1212                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::total                 1253                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1212                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::total                1253                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     85938041                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    976191336                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1062129377                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     85938041                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    976191336                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::total     1062129377                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     85938041                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    976191336                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::total    1062129377                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         4141                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::total              4184                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          958                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::total             958                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::total              18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         4159                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::total               4202                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           43                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         4159                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::total              4202                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.292683                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.299474                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.291416                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::total          0.298191                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.291416                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::total         0.298191                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2096049.780488                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 805438.396040                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 847669.095770                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2096049.780488                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 805438.396040                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 847669.095770                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2096049.780488                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 805438.396040                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 847669.095770                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l205.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l205.writebacks::writebacks                532                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.writebacks::total                     532                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l205.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l205.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l205.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l205.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1211                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1252                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1211                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::total            1252                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1211                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::total           1252                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     82338241                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    868624736                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    950962977                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     82338241                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    868624736                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    950962977                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     82338241                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    868624736                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    950962977                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.292441                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.299235                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.291176                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.297953                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.291176                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.297953                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2008249.780488                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 717278.890173                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 759555.093450                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2008249.780488                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 717278.890173                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 759555.093450                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2008249.780488                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 717278.890173                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 759555.093450                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l206.replacements                         2989                       # number of replacements
system.l206.tagsinuse                     2047.618209                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l206.total_refs                         117665                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.sampled_refs                         5035                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.avg_refs                        23.369414                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l206.occ_blocks::writebacks          12.792991                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    22.072091                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   868.566748                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::cpu06.data        1144.186380                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_percent::writebacks          0.006247                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.010777                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.424105                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::cpu06.data          0.558685                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::total               0.999814                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         3560                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::total                  3561                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::writebacks            812                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::total                 812                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data           10                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::total                  10                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data         3570                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::total                   3571                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data         3570                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::total                  3571                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2947                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::total                2984                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_misses::total                 5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2952                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::total                 2989                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2952                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::total                2989                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     64829076                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2704767406                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    2769596482                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      8326916                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      8326916                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     64829076                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2713094322                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::total     2777923398                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     64829076                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2713094322                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::total    2777923398                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         6507                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::total              6545                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          812                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::total             812                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::total              15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         6522                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::total               6560                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         6522                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::total              6560                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.452897                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.455921                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.452622                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::total          0.455640                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.452622                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::total         0.455640                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1752137.189189                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 917803.666780                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 928148.955094                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 1665383.200000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1665383.200000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1752137.189189                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 919069.892276                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 929382.200736                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1752137.189189                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 919069.892276                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 929382.200736                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l206.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l206.writebacks::writebacks                458                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.writebacks::total                     458                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2947                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2984                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2952                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::total            2989                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2952                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::total           2989                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     61580347                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2445950709                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2507531056                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      7887413                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7887413                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     61580347                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2453838122                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2515418469                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     61580347                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2453838122                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2515418469                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.452897                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.455921                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.452622                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.455640                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.452622                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.455640                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1664333.702703                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 829979.880896                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 840325.420912                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 1577482.600000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1577482.600000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1664333.702703                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 831245.976287                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 841558.537638                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1664333.702703                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 831245.976287                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 841558.537638                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l207.replacements                         3769                       # number of replacements
system.l207.tagsinuse                     2047.934194                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l207.total_refs                         151649                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.sampled_refs                         5817                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.avg_refs                        26.069967                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l207.occ_blocks::writebacks           4.279792                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    14.503791                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data  1275.107607                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::cpu07.data         754.043004                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002090                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.007082                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.622611                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::cpu07.data          0.368185                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::total               0.999968                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         3649                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::total                  3650                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1226                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::total                1226                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data         3652                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::total                   3653                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data         3652                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::total                  3653                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3731                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::total                3766                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_misses::total                 3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3734                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::total                 3769                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3734                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::total                3769                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     76051190                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3550107169                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    3626158359                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      3414482                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      3414482                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     76051190                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3553521651                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::total     3629572841                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     76051190                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3553521651                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::total    3629572841                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         7380                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::total              7416                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1226                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::total            1226                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::total               6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         7386                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::total               7422                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         7386                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::total              7422                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.505556                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.507821                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.505551                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::total          0.507815                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.505551                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::total         0.507815                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2172891.142857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 951516.260788                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 962867.328465                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 1138160.666667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1138160.666667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2172891.142857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 951666.216122                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 963006.856195                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2172891.142857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 951666.216122                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 963006.856195                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l207.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l207.writebacks::writebacks                673                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.writebacks::total                     673                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3731                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           3766                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3734                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::total            3769                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3734                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::total           3769                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     72977281                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3222473659                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3295450940                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      3151082                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3151082                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     72977281                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3225624741                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3298602022                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     72977281                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3225624741                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3298602022                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.505556                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.507821                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.505551                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.507815                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.505551                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.507815                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2085065.171429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 863702.401233                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 875053.356346                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 1050360.666667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1050360.666667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2085065.171429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 863852.367702                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 875192.895198                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2085065.171429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 863852.367702                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 875192.895198                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l208.replacements                         1860                       # number of replacements
system.l208.tagsinuse                     2047.512317                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l208.total_refs                         177507                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.sampled_refs                         3908                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.avg_refs                        45.421443                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l208.occ_blocks::writebacks          50.612224                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    23.020960                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   836.082628                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::cpu08.data        1137.796506                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_percent::writebacks          0.024713                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.011241                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.408243                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::cpu08.data          0.555565                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::total               0.999762                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         3357                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::total                  3358                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1888                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::total                1888                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::total                  15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data         3372                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::total                   3373                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data         3372                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::total                  3373                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1824                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::total                1859                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1824                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::total                 1859                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1824                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::total                1859                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     60579697                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1531798745                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1592378442                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     60579697                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1531798745                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::total     1592378442                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     60579697                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1531798745                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::total    1592378442                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         5181                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::total              5217                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1888                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::total            1888                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::total              15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         5196                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::total               5232                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         5196                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::total              5232                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.352056                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.356335                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.351039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::total          0.355313                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.351039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::total         0.355313                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1730848.485714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 839801.943531                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 856577.967725                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1730848.485714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 839801.943531                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 856577.967725                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1730848.485714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 839801.943531                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 856577.967725                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l208.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l208.writebacks::writebacks               1073                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.writebacks::total                    1073                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1824                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1859                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1824                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::total            1859                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1824                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::total           1859                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     57506697                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1371634272                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1429140969                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     57506697                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1371634272                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1429140969                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     57506697                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1371634272                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1429140969                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.352056                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.356335                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.351039                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.355313                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.351039                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.355313                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1643048.485714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 751992.473684                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 768768.676170                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1643048.485714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 751992.473684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 768768.676170                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1643048.485714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 751992.473684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 768768.676170                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l209.replacements                         2040                       # number of replacements
system.l209.tagsinuse                     2047.814886                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l209.total_refs                         114957                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.sampled_refs                         4088                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.avg_refs                        28.120597                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l209.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.812168                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    19.961993                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   931.122926                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::cpu09.data        1066.917799                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014557                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.009747                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.454650                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::cpu09.data          0.520956                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::total               0.999910                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         3277                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::total                  3278                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::writebacks            585                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::total                 585                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::total                   6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data         3283                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::total                   3284                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data         3283                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::total                  3284                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2007                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::total                2040                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2007                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::total                 2040                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2007                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::total                2040                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     77579436                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1530399006                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1607978442                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     77579436                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1530399006                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::total     1607978442                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     77579436                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1530399006                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::total    1607978442                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         5284                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::total              5318                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          585                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::total             585                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::total               6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         5290                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::total               5324                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           34                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         5290                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::total              5324                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.379826                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.383603                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.379395                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::total          0.383171                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.379395                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::total         0.383171                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2350892                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 762530.645740                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 788224.726471                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2350892                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 762530.645740                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 788224.726471                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2350892                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 762530.645740                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 788224.726471                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l209.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l209.writebacks::writebacks                291                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.writebacks::total                     291                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2007                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2040                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2007                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::total            2040                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2007                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::total           2040                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     74669286                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1353106003                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1427775289                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     74669286                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1353106003                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1427775289                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     74669286                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1353106003                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1427775289                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.379826                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.383603                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.379395                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.383171                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.379395                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.383171                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2262705.636364                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 674193.324863                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 699889.847549                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2262705.636364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 674193.324863                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 699889.847549                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2262705.636364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 674193.324863                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 699889.847549                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l210.replacements                         1841                       # number of replacements
system.l210.tagsinuse                     2047.508305                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l210.total_refs                         177530                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.sampled_refs                         3889                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.avg_refs                        45.649267                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l210.occ_blocks::writebacks          50.526772                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    22.243823                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   833.567785                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::cpu10.data        1141.169925                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_percent::writebacks          0.024671                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.010861                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.407016                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::cpu10.data          0.557212                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::total               0.999760                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         3373                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::total                  3374                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1894                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::total                1894                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::total                  15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data         3388                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::total                   3389                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data         3388                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::total                  3389                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1807                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::total                1841                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1807                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::total                 1841                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1807                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::total                1841                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     69092750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1508907702                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1578000452                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     69092750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1508907702                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::total     1578000452                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     69092750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1508907702                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::total    1578000452                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         5180                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::total              5215                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1894                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::total            1894                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::total              15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         5195                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::total               5230                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         5195                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::total              5230                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.348842                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.353020                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.347834                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::total          0.352008                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.347834                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::total         0.352008                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2032139.705882                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 835034.699502                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 857143.102662                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2032139.705882                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 835034.699502                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 857143.102662                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2032139.705882                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 835034.699502                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 857143.102662                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l210.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l210.writebacks::writebacks               1067                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.writebacks::total                    1067                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1807                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1841                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1807                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::total            1841                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1807                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::total           1841                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     66107550                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1350253102                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1416360652                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     66107550                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1350253102                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1416360652                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     66107550                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1350253102                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1416360652                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.348842                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.353020                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.347834                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.352008                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.347834                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.352008                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1944339.705882                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 747234.699502                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 769343.102662                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1944339.705882                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 747234.699502                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 769343.102662                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1944339.705882                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 747234.699502                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 769343.102662                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l211.replacements                         2032                       # number of replacements
system.l211.tagsinuse                     2047.808531                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l211.total_refs                         114938                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.sampled_refs                         4080                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.avg_refs                        28.171078                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l211.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.805812                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    18.129534                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   927.820548                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::cpu11.data        1072.052637                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014554                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.008852                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.453037                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::cpu11.data          0.523463                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::total               0.999907                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         3257                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::total                  3258                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::writebacks            586                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::total                 586                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::total                   6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data         3263                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::total                   3264                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data         3263                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::total                  3264                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2004                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::total                2033                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2004                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::total                 2033                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           29                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2004                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::total                2033                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     55160924                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1596893924                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1652054848                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     55160924                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1596893924                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::total     1652054848                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     55160924                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1596893924                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::total    1652054848                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         5261                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::total              5291                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          586                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::total             586                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::total               6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         5267                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::total               5297                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           30                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         5267                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::total              5297                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.380916                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.384237                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.380482                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::total          0.383802                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.380482                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::total         0.383802                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1902100.827586                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 796853.255489                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 812619.207083                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1902100.827586                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 796853.255489                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 812619.207083                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1902100.827586                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 796853.255489                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 812619.207083                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l211.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l211.writebacks::writebacks                290                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.writebacks::total                     290                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2004                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2033                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2004                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::total            2033                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2004                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::total           2033                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     52614724                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1420991177                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1473605901                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     52614724                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1420991177                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1473605901                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     52614724                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1420991177                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1473605901                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.380916                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.384237                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.380482                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.383802                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.380482                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.383802                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1814300.827586                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 709077.433633                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 724843.040334                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1814300.827586                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 709077.433633                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 724843.040334                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1814300.827586                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 709077.433633                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 724843.040334                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l212.replacements                         2971                       # number of replacements
system.l212.tagsinuse                     2047.613114                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l212.total_refs                         117676                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.sampled_refs                         5017                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.avg_refs                        23.455451                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l212.occ_blocks::writebacks          12.792782                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    22.099598                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   869.532090                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::cpu12.data        1143.188645                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_percent::writebacks          0.006246                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.010791                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.424576                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::cpu12.data          0.558198                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::total               0.999811                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         3571                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::total                  3572                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::writebacks            812                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::total                 812                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data           10                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::total                  10                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data         3581                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::total                   3582                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data         3581                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::total                  3582                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2930                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::total                2966                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_misses::total                 5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2935                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::total                 2971                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2935                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::total                2971                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     45594151                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2688216327                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    2733810478                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      7862950                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      7862950                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     45594151                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2696079277                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::total     2741673428                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     45594151                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2696079277                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::total    2741673428                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         6501                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::total              6538                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          812                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::total             812                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::total              15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         6516                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::total               6553                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         6516                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::total              6553                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.450700                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.453656                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.450430                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::total          0.453380                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.450430                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::total         0.453380                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1266504.194444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 917479.975085                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 921716.277141                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      1572590                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total      1572590                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1266504.194444                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 918596.005792                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 922811.655335                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1266504.194444                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 918596.005792                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 922811.655335                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l212.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l212.writebacks::writebacks                458                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.writebacks::total                     458                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2930                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2966                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2935                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::total            2971                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2935                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::total           2971                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     42433042                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2430942967                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2473376009                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      7423950                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7423950                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     42433042                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2438366917                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2480799959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     42433042                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2438366917                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2480799959                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.450700                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.453656                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.450430                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.453380                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.450430                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.453380                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1178695.611111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 829673.367577                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 833909.645651                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      1484790                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1484790                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1178695.611111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 830789.409540                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 835005.035005                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1178695.611111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 830789.409540                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 835005.035005                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l213.replacements                          956                       # number of replacements
system.l213.tagsinuse                     2047.517721                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l213.total_refs                         177777                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.sampled_refs                         3004                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.avg_refs                        59.180093                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l213.occ_blocks::writebacks          39.318887                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    32.277571                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   449.278586                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::cpu13.data        1526.642677                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_percent::writebacks          0.019199                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.015761                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.219374                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::cpu13.data          0.745431                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::total               0.999765                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         2844                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::total                  2846                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::writebacks            881                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::total                 881                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::total                  15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data         2859                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::total                   2861                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data         2859                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::total                  2861                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          917                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::total                 956                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data          917                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::total                  956                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data          917                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::total                 956                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    110809422                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    748813869                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     859623291                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    110809422                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    748813869                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::total      859623291                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    110809422                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    748813869                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::total     859623291                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         3761                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::total              3802                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          881                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::total             881                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::total              15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         3776                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::total               3817                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         3776                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::total              3817                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.243818                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.251447                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.242850                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::total          0.250458                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.242850                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::total         0.250458                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2841267.230769                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 816590.914940                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 899187.542887                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2841267.230769                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 816590.914940                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 899187.542887                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2841267.230769                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 816590.914940                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 899187.542887                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l213.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l213.writebacks::writebacks                497                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.writebacks::total                     497                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          917                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            956                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          917                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::total             956                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          917                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::total            956                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    107384735                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    668286471                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    775671206                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    107384735                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    668286471                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    775671206                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    107384735                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    668286471                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    775671206                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.243818                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.251447                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.242850                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.250458                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.242850                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.250458                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2753454.743590                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 728774.777535                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 811371.554393                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2753454.743590                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 728774.777535                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 811371.554393                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2753454.743590                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 728774.777535                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 811371.554393                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l214.replacements                         1249                       # number of replacements
system.l214.tagsinuse                     2047.423338                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l214.total_refs                         154524                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.sampled_refs                         3295                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.avg_refs                        46.896510                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l214.occ_blocks::writebacks          27.098778                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    30.001188                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   585.068235                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::cpu14.data        1405.255137                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013232                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.014649                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.285678                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::cpu14.data          0.686160                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::total               0.999718                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         2929                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::total                  2931                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::writebacks            959                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::total                 959                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::total                  18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data         2947                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::total                   2949                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data         2947                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::total                  2949                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1210                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::total                1248                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1210                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::total                 1248                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1210                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::total                1248                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     65401403                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    984525190                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1049926593                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     65401403                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    984525190                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::total     1049926593                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     65401403                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    984525190                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::total    1049926593                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         4139                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::total              4179                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          959                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::total             959                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::total              18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         4157                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::total               4197                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         4157                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::total              4197                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.292341                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.298636                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.291075                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::total          0.297355                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.291075                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::total         0.297355                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1721089.552632                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 813657.181818                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 841287.334135                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1721089.552632                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 813657.181818                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 841287.334135                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1721089.552632                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 813657.181818                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 841287.334135                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l214.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l214.writebacks::writebacks                532                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.writebacks::total                     532                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l214.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l214.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l214.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l214.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1209                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1247                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1209                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::total            1247                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1209                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::total           1247                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     62065003                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    878002491                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    940067494                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     62065003                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    878002491                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    940067494                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     62065003                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    878002491                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    940067494                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.292100                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.298397                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.290835                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.297117                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.290835                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.297117                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1633289.552632                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 726222.076923                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 753863.267041                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1633289.552632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 726222.076923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 753863.267041                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1633289.552632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 726222.076923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 753863.267041                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l215.replacements                         1253                       # number of replacements
system.l215.tagsinuse                     2047.422935                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l215.total_refs                         154525                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.sampled_refs                         3299                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.avg_refs                        46.839952                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l215.occ_blocks::writebacks          27.096733                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    30.434927                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   584.700126                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::cpu15.data        1405.191148                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013231                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.014861                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.285498                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::cpu15.data          0.686128                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::total               0.999718                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         2930                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::total                  2932                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::writebacks            958                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::total                 958                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::total                  18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data         2948                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::total                   2950                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data         2948                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::total                  2950                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1212                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::total                1253                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1212                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::total                 1253                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1212                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::total                1253                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     79209771                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    970759415                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1049969186                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     79209771                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    970759415                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::total     1049969186                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     79209771                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    970759415                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::total    1049969186                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         4142                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::total              4185                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          958                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::total             958                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::total              18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         4160                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::total               4203                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           43                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         4160                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::total              4203                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.292612                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.299403                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.291346                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::total          0.298120                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.291346                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::total         0.298120                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1931945.634146                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 800956.613036                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 837964.234637                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1931945.634146                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 800956.613036                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 837964.234637                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1931945.634146                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 800956.613036                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 837964.234637                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l215.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l215.writebacks::writebacks                532                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.writebacks::total                     532                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l215.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l215.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l215.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l215.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1211                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1252                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1211                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::total            1252                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1211                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::total           1252                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     75609310                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    863810878                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    939420188                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     75609310                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    863810878                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    939420188                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     75609310                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    863810878                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    939420188                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.292371                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.299164                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.291106                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.297882                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.291106                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.297882                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1844129.512195                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 713303.780347                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 750335.613419                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1844129.512195                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 713303.780347                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 750335.613419                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1844129.512195                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 713303.780347                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 750335.613419                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              569.844900                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1001082147                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  575                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1741012.429565                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    28.116107                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst   541.728793                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.045058                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.868155                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.913213                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1074257                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1074257                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1074257                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total        1074257                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1074257                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total       1074257                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    106810718                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    106810718                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    106810718                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    106810718                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    106810718                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    106810718                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1074307                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1074307                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1074307                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total      1074307                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1074307                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total      1074307                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000047                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000047                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000047                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000047                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000047                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000047                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2136214.360000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2136214.360000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2136214.360000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2136214.360000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2136214.360000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2136214.360000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       116226                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       116226                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     67221562                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     67221562                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     67221562                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     67221562                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     67221562                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     67221562                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2100673.812500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2100673.812500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2100673.812500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2100673.812500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2100673.812500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2100673.812500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                 7373                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              393103131                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                 7629                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             51527.478175                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   110.851199                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data   145.148801                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.433012                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.566988                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      2799576                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       2799576                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      1532778                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1532778                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          802                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          802                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          749                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          749                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data      4332354                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total        4332354                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data      4332354                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total       4332354                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data        27213                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        27213                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           18                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data        27231                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total        27231                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data        27231                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total        27231                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  14692408821                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  14692408821                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      9990557                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      9990557                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  14702399378                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  14702399378                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  14702399378                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  14702399378                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      2826789                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2826789                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      1532796                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1532796                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          802                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          802                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          749                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          749                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      4359585                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4359585                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      4359585                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4359585                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.009627                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009627                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000012                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.006246                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006246                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.006246                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006246                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 539904.046632                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 539904.046632                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 555030.944444                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 555030.944444                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 539914.045683                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 539914.045683                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 539914.045683                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 539914.045683                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1226                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total            1226                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        19846                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        19846                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        19858                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        19858                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        19858                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        19858                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         7367                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7367                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         7373                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7373                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         7373                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7373                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3889345947                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3889345947                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      3247011                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3247011                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3892592958                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3892592958                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3892592958                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3892592958                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002606                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002606                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.001691                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001691                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.001691                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001691                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 527941.624406                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 527941.624406                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 541168.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 541168.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 527952.388173                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 527952.388173                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 527952.388173                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 527952.388173                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              548.601088                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs              888971015                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  555                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1601749.576577                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    22.288602                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst   526.312486                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.035719                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.843449                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.879168                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1155168                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1155168                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1155168                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total        1155168                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1155168                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total       1155168                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     40700533                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     40700533                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     40700533                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     40700533                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     40700533                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     40700533                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1155206                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1155206                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1155206                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total      1155206                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1155206                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total      1155206                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000033                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000033                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000033                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1071066.657895                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1071066.657895                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1071066.657895                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1071066.657895                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1071066.657895                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1071066.657895                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     34785055                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     34785055                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     34785055                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     34785055                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     34785055                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     34785055                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1242323.392857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1242323.392857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1242323.392857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1242323.392857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1242323.392857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1242323.392857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                 5290                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              199459489                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                 5546                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             35964.567075                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   184.522693                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    71.477307                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.720792                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.279208                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      1743482                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1743482                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       303424                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       303424                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          720                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          720                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          713                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          713                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data      2046906                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total        2046906                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data      2046906                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total       2046906                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        19398                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19398                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data           26                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           26                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data        19424                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total        19424                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data        19424                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total        19424                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   9068562058                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   9068562058                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      2159831                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2159831                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   9070721889                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   9070721889                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   9070721889                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   9070721889                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      1762880                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1762880                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       303450                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       303450                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          720                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          720                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          713                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          713                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      2066330                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2066330                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      2066330                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2066330                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.011004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.011004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000086                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000086                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.009400                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009400                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.009400                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009400                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 467499.848335                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 467499.848335                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 83070.423077                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83070.423077                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 466985.270233                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 466985.270233                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 466985.270233                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 466985.270233                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          587                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total             587                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        14114                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        14114                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        14134                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14134                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        14134                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14134                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         5284                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5284                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         5290                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5290                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         5290                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5290                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1789382100                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1789382100                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       384600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       384600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1789766700                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1789766700                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1789766700                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1789766700                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002997                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002997                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002560                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002560                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002560                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002560                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 338641.578350                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 338641.578350                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 338330.189036                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 338330.189036                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 338330.189036                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 338330.189036                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              510.470117                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs              971659960                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1875791.428571                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    35.470117                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.056843                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.818061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1209598                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1209598                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1209598                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total        1209598                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1209598                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total       1209598                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     95835626                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     95835626                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     95835626                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     95835626                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     95835626                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     95835626                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1209648                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1209648                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1209648                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total      1209648                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1209648                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total      1209648                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1916712.520000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1916712.520000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1916712.520000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1916712.520000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1916712.520000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1916712.520000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     83435382                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     83435382                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     83435382                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     83435382                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     83435382                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     83435382                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1940357.720930                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1940357.720930                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1940357.720930                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1940357.720930                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1940357.720930                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1940357.720930                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                 4153                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              148143607                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                 4409                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             33600.273758                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   223.767698                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    32.232302                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.874093                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.125907                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       830514                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        830514                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       698346                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       698346                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1749                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1749                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1681                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1681                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data      1528860                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total        1528860                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data      1528860                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total       1528860                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        13139                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        13139                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          104                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          104                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        13243                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total        13243                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        13243                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total        13243                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   4395614329                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4395614329                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      8617240                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8617240                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   4404231569                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   4404231569                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   4404231569                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   4404231569                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       843653                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       843653                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       698450                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       698450                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         1749                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1749                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         1681                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1681                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      1542103                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1542103                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      1542103                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1542103                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.015574                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015574                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000149                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000149                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.008588                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008588                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.008588                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008588                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 334547.098638                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 334547.098638                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 82858.076923                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82858.076923                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 332570.533036                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 332570.533036                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 332570.533036                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 332570.533036                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          957                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total             957                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         9004                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         9004                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data           86                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           86                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         9090                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         9090                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         9090                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         9090                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         4135                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4135                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         4153                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4153                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         4153                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4153                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1187268778                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1187268778                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      1158957                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1158957                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1188427735                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1188427735                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1188427735                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1188427735                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.004901                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004901                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002693                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002693                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002693                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002693                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 287126.669407                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 287126.669407                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 64386.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64386.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 286161.265350                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 286161.265350                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 286161.265350                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 286161.265350                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              571.982460                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs             1001086343                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  579                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1728991.956822                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    30.257692                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst   541.724768                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.048490                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.868149                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.916639                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1078453                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1078453                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1078453                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total        1078453                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1078453                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total       1078453                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     85060673                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     85060673                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     85060673                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     85060673                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     85060673                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     85060673                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1078507                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1078507                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1078507                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total      1078507                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1078507                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total      1078507                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000050                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000050                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000050                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000050                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000050                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000050                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1575197.648148                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1575197.648148                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1575197.648148                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1575197.648148                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1575197.648148                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1575197.648148                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     64360402                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     64360402                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     64360402                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     64360402                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     64360402                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     64360402                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1787788.944444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1787788.944444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1787788.944444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1787788.944444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1787788.944444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1787788.944444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                 7405                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              393125688                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                 7661                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             51315.192273                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   110.850831                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data   145.149169                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.433011                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.566989                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      2814132                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       2814132                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      1540789                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1540789                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          788                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          788                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          753                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          753                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data      4354921                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total        4354921                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data      4354921                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total       4354921                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        27321                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        27321                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data           18                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data        27339                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total        27339                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data        27339                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total        27339                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  14363531979                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  14363531979                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      7425184                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7425184                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  14370957163                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  14370957163                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  14370957163                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  14370957163                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      2841453                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2841453                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      1540807                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1540807                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          788                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          788                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          753                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          753                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      4382260                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4382260                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      4382260                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4382260                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.009615                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009615                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000012                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.006239                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006239                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.006239                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006239                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 525732.293071                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 525732.293071                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 412510.222222                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 412510.222222                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 525657.747650                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 525657.747650                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 525657.747650                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 525657.747650                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1229                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total            1229                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        19920                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        19920                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        19932                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        19932                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        19932                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        19932                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         7401                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7401                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         7407                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7407                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         7407                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7407                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3808149671                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3808149671                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      2272473                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2272473                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3810422144                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3810422144                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3810422144                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3810422144                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002605                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002605                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.001690                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001690                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.001690                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001690                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 514545.287258                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 514545.287258                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 378745.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 378745.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 514435.283381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 514435.283381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 514435.283381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 514435.283381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              491.155051                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs              974824741                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1965372.461694                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    36.155051                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.057941                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.787107                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1241180                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1241180                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1241180                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total        1241180                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1241180                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total       1241180                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    170197435                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    170197435                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    170197435                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    170197435                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    170197435                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    170197435                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1241236                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1241236                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1241236                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total      1241236                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1241236                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total      1241236                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 3039239.910714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 3039239.910714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 3039239.910714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 3039239.910714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 3039239.910714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 3039239.910714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      2399686                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               5                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 479937.200000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    117284640                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    117284640                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    117284640                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    117284640                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    117284640                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    117284640                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2860600.975610                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2860600.975610                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2860600.975610                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2860600.975610                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2860600.975610                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2860600.975610                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                 3768                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              144468913                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                 4024                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             35901.817346                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   220.614039                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    35.385961                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.861774                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.138226                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       988437                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        988437                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       732813                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       732813                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1886                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1886                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1783                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1783                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data      1721250                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total        1721250                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data      1721250                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total       1721250                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         9638                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         9638                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data           77                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           77                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         9715                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total         9715                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         9715                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total         9715                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2201747071                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2201747071                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      5798567                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      5798567                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2207545638                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2207545638                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2207545638                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2207545638                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       998075                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       998075                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       732890                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       732890                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         1886                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1886                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         1783                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1783                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      1730965                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1730965                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      1730965                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1730965                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.009657                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009657                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000105                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000105                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.005612                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005612                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.005612                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005612                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 228444.394169                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 228444.394169                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 75306.064935                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75306.064935                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 227230.636953                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 227230.636953                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 227230.636953                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 227230.636953                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          880                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total             880                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         5885                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         5885                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data           62                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           62                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         5947                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         5947                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         5947                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         5947                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3768                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3768                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3768                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3768                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    941354564                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    941354564                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      1034024                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1034024                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    942388588                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    942388588                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    942388588                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    942388588                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003760                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003760                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002177                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002177                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002177                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002177                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 250827.221956                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 250827.221956                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 68934.933333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68934.933333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 250103.128450                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 250103.128450                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 250103.128450                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 250103.128450                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              510.468898                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs              971660473                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1875792.418919                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    35.468898                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.056841                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.818059                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1210111                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1210111                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1210111                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total        1210111                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1210111                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total       1210111                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     98858222                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     98858222                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     98858222                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     98858222                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     98858222                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     98858222                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1210161                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1210161                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1210161                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total      1210161                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1210161                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total      1210161                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1977164.440000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1977164.440000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1977164.440000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1977164.440000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1977164.440000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1977164.440000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     86420233                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     86420233                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     86420233                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     86420233                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     86420233                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     86420233                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2009772.860465                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2009772.860465                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2009772.860465                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2009772.860465                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2009772.860465                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2009772.860465                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                 4159                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              148144759                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                 4415                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             33554.871801                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   223.763345                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    32.236655                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.874076                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.125924                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       831084                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        831084                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       698926                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       698926                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1748                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1748                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1684                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1684                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data      1530010                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total        1530010                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data      1530010                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total       1530010                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        13159                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        13159                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          104                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          104                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data        13263                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total        13263                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data        13263                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total        13263                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   4392267018                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4392267018                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      8674225                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8674225                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   4400941243                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   4400941243                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   4400941243                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   4400941243                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       844243                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       844243                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       699030                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       699030                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         1748                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1748                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         1684                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1684                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      1543273                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1543273                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      1543273                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1543273                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.015587                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015587                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000149                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000149                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008594                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008594                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008594                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008594                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 333784.255491                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 333784.255491                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 83406.009615                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83406.009615                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 331820.948730                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 331820.948730                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 331820.948730                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 331820.948730                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          958                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total             958                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         9018                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         9018                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data           86                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           86                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         9104                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         9104                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         9104                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         9104                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         4141                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4141                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         4159                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4159                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         4159                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4159                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1177117279                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1177117279                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      1158942                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1158942                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1178276221                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1178276221                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1178276221                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1178276221                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.004905                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004905                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002695                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002695                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002695                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002695                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 284259.183531                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 284259.183531                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 64385.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64385.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 283307.578985                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 283307.578985                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 283307.578985                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 283307.578985                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              519.761899                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs              977216941                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  528                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1850789.660985                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    29.761899                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.047695                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.832952                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1113426                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1113426                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1113426                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total        1113426                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1113426                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total       1113426                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           60                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           60                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           60                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           60                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           60                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           60                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    107494011                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    107494011                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    107494011                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    107494011                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    107494011                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    107494011                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1113486                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1113486                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1113486                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total      1113486                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1113486                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total      1113486                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000054                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000054                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000054                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000054                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000054                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000054                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1791566.850000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1791566.850000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1791566.850000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1791566.850000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1791566.850000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1791566.850000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           22                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     65227461                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     65227461                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     65227461                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     65227461                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     65227461                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     65227461                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1716512.131579                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1716512.131579                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1716512.131579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1716512.131579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1716512.131579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1716512.131579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                 6522                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              162721037                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                 6778                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             24007.234730                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   228.040433                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    27.959567                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.890783                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.109217                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       769694                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        769694                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       636384                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       636384                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1848                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1848                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1486                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1486                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data      1406078                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total        1406078                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data      1406078                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total       1406078                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data        17185                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        17185                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           91                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           91                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        17276                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total        17276                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        17276                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total        17276                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   7706718918                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7706718918                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     76966526                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     76966526                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   7783685444                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   7783685444                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   7783685444                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   7783685444                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       786879                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       786879                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       636475                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       636475                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         1848                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1848                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         1486                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1486                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      1423354                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1423354                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      1423354                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1423354                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.021839                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021839                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000143                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000143                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.012138                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012138                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.012138                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012138                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 448456.148851                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 448456.148851                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       845786                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total       845786                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 450549.053253                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 450549.053253                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 450549.053253                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 450549.053253                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          812                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total             812                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        10678                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        10678                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data           76                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           76                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        10754                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        10754                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        10754                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        10754                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         6507                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6507                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         6522                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6522                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         6522                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6522                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2962861487                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2962861487                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      9018534                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9018534                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2971880021                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2971880021                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2971880021                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2971880021                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008269                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008269                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.004582                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004582                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.004582                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004582                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 455334.483940                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 455334.483940                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 601235.600000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 601235.600000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 455670.043085                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 455670.043085                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 455670.043085                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 455670.043085                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              571.531460                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs             1001083854                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  579                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1728987.658031                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    30.234665                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst   541.296795                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.048453                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.867463                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.915916                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1075964                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1075964                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1075964                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total        1075964                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1075964                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total       1075964                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    113806795                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    113806795                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    113806795                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    113806795                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    113806795                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    113806795                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1076014                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1076014                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1076014                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total      1076014                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1076014                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total      1076014                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000046                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000046                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000046                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000046                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000046                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000046                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2276135.900000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2276135.900000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2276135.900000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2276135.900000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2276135.900000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2276135.900000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        93946                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        93946                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     76407923                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     76407923                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     76407923                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     76407923                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     76407923                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     76407923                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2122442.305556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2122442.305556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2122442.305556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2122442.305556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2122442.305556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2122442.305556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                 7386                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              393113892                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                 7642                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             51441.231615                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   110.859869                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data   145.140131                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.433046                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.566954                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      2806552                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       2806552                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      1536567                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1536567                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          796                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          796                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          751                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          751                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data      4343119                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total        4343119                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data      4343119                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total       4343119                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data        27292                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        27292                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data           18                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data        27310                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total        27310                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data        27310                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total        27310                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  14475331264                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  14475331264                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     10790355                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     10790355                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  14486121619                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  14486121619                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  14486121619                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  14486121619                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      2833844                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2833844                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      1536585                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1536585                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          796                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          796                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          751                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          751                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      4370429                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4370429                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      4370429                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4370429                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.009631                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009631                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000012                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.006249                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006249                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.006249                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006249                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 530387.339294                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 530387.339294                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 599464.166667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 599464.166667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 530432.867777                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 530432.867777                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 530432.867777                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 530432.867777                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1226                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total            1226                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        19912                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        19912                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        19924                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        19924                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        19924                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        19924                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         7380                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7380                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         7386                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7386                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         7386                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7386                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3829697907                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3829697907                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      3631682                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3631682                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3833329589                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3833329589                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3833329589                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3833329589                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002604                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002604                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.001690                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001690                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.001690                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001690                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 518929.255691                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 518929.255691                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 605280.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 605280.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 518999.402789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 518999.402789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 518999.402789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 518999.402789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              513.259109                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs              972823962                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1878038.536680                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    31.259109                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.050095                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.822531                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1144621                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1144621                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1144621                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total        1144621                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1144621                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total       1144621                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     92030557                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     92030557                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     92030557                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     92030557                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     92030557                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     92030557                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1144674                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1144674                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1144674                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total      1144674                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1144674                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total      1144674                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000046                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000046                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000046                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000046                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000046                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000046                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1736425.603774                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1736425.603774                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1736425.603774                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1736425.603774                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1736425.603774                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1736425.603774                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     60961205                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     60961205                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     60961205                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     60961205                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     60961205                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     60961205                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1693366.805556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1693366.805556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1693366.805556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1693366.805556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1693366.805556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1693366.805556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                 5196                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              153885643                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                 5452                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             28225.539802                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   227.041055                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    28.958945                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.886879                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.113121                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       806185                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        806185                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       680319                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       680319                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1680                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1680                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1565                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1565                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data      1486504                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total        1486504                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data      1486504                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total       1486504                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        18071                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18071                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          533                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          533                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        18604                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total        18604                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        18604                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total        18604                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   7693302890                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7693302890                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    380130271                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    380130271                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   8073433161                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8073433161                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   8073433161                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8073433161                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       824256                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       824256                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       680852                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       680852                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         1680                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1680                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         1565                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1565                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      1505108                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1505108                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      1505108                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1505108                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.021924                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021924                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000783                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000783                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.012361                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012361                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.012361                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012361                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 425726.461734                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 425726.461734                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 713190.001876                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 713190.001876                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 433962.221081                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 433962.221081                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 433962.221081                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 433962.221081                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      1189549                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 297387.250000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1888                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total            1888                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        12890                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        12890                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data          518                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          518                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        13408                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        13408                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        13408                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        13408                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         5181                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5181                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         5196                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5196                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         5196                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5196                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1767469952                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1767469952                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data       975690                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       975690                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1768445642                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1768445642                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1768445642                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1768445642                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.006286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.003452                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003452                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.003452                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003452                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 341144.557421                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 341144.557421                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data        65046                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        65046                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 340347.506159                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 340347.506159                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 340347.506159                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 340347.506159                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              552.315899                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs              888973954                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  561                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1584623.803922                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    26.004286                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst   526.311614                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.041674                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.843448                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.885122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1158107                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1158107                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1158107                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total        1158107                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1158107                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total       1158107                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    106765625                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    106765625                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    106765625                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    106765625                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    106765625                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    106765625                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1158152                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1158152                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1158152                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total      1158152                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1158152                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total      1158152                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2372569.444444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2372569.444444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2372569.444444                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2372569.444444                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2372569.444444                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2372569.444444                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        62900                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        62900                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     77919298                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     77919298                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     77919298                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     77919298                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     77919298                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     77919298                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2291744.058824                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2291744.058824                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2291744.058824                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2291744.058824                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2291744.058824                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2291744.058824                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                 5290                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              199465612                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                 5546                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             35965.671114                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   184.538776                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    71.461224                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.720855                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.279145                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      1748117                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1748117                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       304908                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       304908                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          722                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          722                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          715                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          715                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data      2053025                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total        2053025                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data      2053025                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total       2053025                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data        19396                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19396                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data           26                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           26                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data        19422                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total        19422                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data        19422                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total        19422                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   9000328291                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   9000328291                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      2205241                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2205241                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   9002533532                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   9002533532                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   9002533532                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   9002533532                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      1767513                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1767513                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       304934                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       304934                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          722                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          722                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          715                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          715                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      2072447                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2072447                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      2072447                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2072447                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.010974                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010974                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000085                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000085                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.009372                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009372                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.009372                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009372                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 464030.124304                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 464030.124304                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 84816.961538                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84816.961538                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 463522.476161                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 463522.476161                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 463522.476161                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 463522.476161                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          585                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total             585                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        14112                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        14112                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        14132                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14132                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        14132                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14132                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         5284                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5284                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         5290                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5290                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         5290                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5290                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1761730358                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1761730358                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       384600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       384600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1762114958                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1762114958                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1762114958                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1762114958                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002990                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002990                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002553                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002553                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002553                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002553                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 333408.470477                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 333408.470477                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 333103.016635                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 333103.016635                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 333103.016635                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 333103.016635                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              512.201805                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs              972824819                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1881672.764023                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    30.201805                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.048400                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.820836                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1145478                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1145478                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1145478                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total        1145478                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1145478                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total       1145478                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    107468210                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    107468210                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    107468210                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    107468210                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    107468210                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    107468210                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1145533                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1145533                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1145533                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total      1145533                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1145533                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total      1145533                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1953967.454545                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1953967.454545                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1953967.454545                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1953967.454545                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1953967.454545                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1953967.454545                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     69459110                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     69459110                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     69459110                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     69459110                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     69459110                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     69459110                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      1984546                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1984546                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      1984546                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1984546                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      1984546                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1984546                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                 5195                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              153885721                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                 5451                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             28230.732159                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   226.701150                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    29.298850                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.885551                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.114449                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       806063                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        806063                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       680550                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       680550                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1649                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1649                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1565                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1565                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data      1486613                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total        1486613                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data      1486613                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total       1486613                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        18038                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18038                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          534                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          534                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data        18572                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total        18572                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data        18572                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total        18572                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   7685602156                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7685602156                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    330074614                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    330074614                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   8015676770                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8015676770                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   8015676770                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8015676770                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       824101                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       824101                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       681084                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       681084                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         1649                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1649                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         1565                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1565                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      1505185                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1505185                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      1505185                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1505185                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.021888                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021888                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000784                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000784                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.012339                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012339                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.012339                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012339                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 426078.398714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 426078.398714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 618117.254682                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 618117.254682                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 431600.084536                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 431600.084536                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 431600.084536                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 431600.084536                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       808901                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             6                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 134816.833333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1894                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total            1894                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        12858                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        12858                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          519                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          519                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        13377                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        13377                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        13377                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        13377                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         5180                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5180                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         5195                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5195                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         5195                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5195                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1745612763                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1745612763                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       971901                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       971901                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1746584664                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1746584664                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1746584664                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1746584664                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.006286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.003451                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003451                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.003451                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003451                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 336990.880888                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 336990.880888                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 64793.400000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64793.400000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 336204.940135                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 336204.940135                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 336204.940135                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 336204.940135                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              550.409461                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs              888968204                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1595993.184919                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    24.095007                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst   526.314454                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.038614                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.843453                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.882066                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1152357                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1152357                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1152357                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total        1152357                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1152357                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total       1152357                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     84834504                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     84834504                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     84834504                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     84834504                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     84834504                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     84834504                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1152398                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1152398                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1152398                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total      1152398                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1152398                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total      1152398                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2069134.243902                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2069134.243902                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2069134.243902                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2069134.243902                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2069134.243902                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2069134.243902                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     55488095                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     55488095                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     55488095                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     55488095                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     55488095                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     55488095                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1849603.166667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1849603.166667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1849603.166667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1849603.166667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1849603.166667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1849603.166667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                 5266                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              199455446                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                 5522                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             36120.145962                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   184.510997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data    71.489003                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.720746                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.279254                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      1740529                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1740529                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       302346                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       302346                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          712                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          712                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          709                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          709                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data      2042875                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total        2042875                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data      2042875                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total       2042875                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data        19278                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19278                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data           26                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           26                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data        19304                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total        19304                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data        19304                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total        19304                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   9323415778                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   9323415778                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      2114191                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2114191                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   9325529969                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   9325529969                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   9325529969                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   9325529969                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      1759807                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1759807                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       302372                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       302372                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          712                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          712                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          709                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          709                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      2062179                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2062179                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      2062179                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2062179                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.010955                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010955                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000086                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000086                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.009361                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009361                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.009361                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009361                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 483629.825604                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 483629.825604                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 81315.038462                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81315.038462                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 483087.959438                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 483087.959438                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 483087.959438                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 483087.959438                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          586                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total             586                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        14017                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        14017                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        14037                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14037                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        14037                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14037                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         5261                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5261                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         5267                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5267                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         5267                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5267                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1826816585                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1826816585                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       384600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       384600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1827201185                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1827201185                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1827201185                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1827201185                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002990                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002990                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002554                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002554                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002554                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002554                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 347237.518533                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 347237.518533                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 346914.977217                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 346914.977217                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 346914.977217                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 346914.977217                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              519.516921                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs              977217556                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  527                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1854302.762808                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    29.516921                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.047303                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.832559                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1114041                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1114041                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1114041                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total        1114041                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1114041                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total       1114041                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           59                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           59                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           59                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           59                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           59                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           59                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     72348635                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     72348635                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     72348635                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     72348635                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     72348635                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     72348635                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1114100                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1114100                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1114100                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total      1114100                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1114100                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total      1114100                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000053                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000053                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000053                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000053                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000053                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000053                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1226248.050847                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1226248.050847                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1226248.050847                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1226248.050847                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1226248.050847                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1226248.050847                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           22                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     45961850                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     45961850                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     45961850                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     45961850                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     45961850                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     45961850                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1242212.162162                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1242212.162162                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1242212.162162                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1242212.162162                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1242212.162162                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1242212.162162                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                 6516                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              162721863                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                 6772                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             24028.627141                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   228.025136                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    27.974864                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.890723                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.109277                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       770277                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        770277                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       636606                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       636606                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1868                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1868                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1487                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1487                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data      1406883                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total        1406883                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data      1406883                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total       1406883                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data        17064                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        17064                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data           92                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           92                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data        17156                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total        17156                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data        17156                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total        17156                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   7550979211                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7550979211                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     73695839                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     73695839                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   7624675050                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   7624675050                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   7624675050                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   7624675050                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       787341                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       787341                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       636698                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       636698                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         1868                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1868                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         1487                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1487                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      1424039                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1424039                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      1424039                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1424039                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.021673                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021673                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000144                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000144                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.012047                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012047                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.012047                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012047                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 442509.330227                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 442509.330227                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 801041.728261                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 801041.728261                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 444431.980065                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 444431.980065                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 444431.980065                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 444431.980065                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          812                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total             812                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        10563                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        10563                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data           77                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           77                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        10640                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        10640                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        10640                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        10640                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         6501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         6516                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6516                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         6516                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6516                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2947056261                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2947056261                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      8555686                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8555686                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2955611947                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2955611947                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2955611947                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2955611947                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008257                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008257                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.004576                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004576                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.004576                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004576                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 453323.528842                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 453323.528842                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 570379.066667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 570379.066667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 453592.993708                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 453592.993708                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 453592.993708                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 453592.993708                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              491.157698                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs              974824998                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1965372.979839                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    36.157698                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.057945                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.787112                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1241437                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1241437                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1241437                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total        1241437                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1241437                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total       1241437                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    164019146                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    164019146                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    164019146                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    164019146                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    164019146                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    164019146                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1241494                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1241494                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1241494                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total      1241494                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1241494                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total      1241494                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000046                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000046                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000046                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000046                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000046                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000046                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2877528.877193                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2877528.877193                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2877528.877193                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2877528.877193                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2877528.877193                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2877528.877193                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1759007                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               5                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 351801.400000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    111279071                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    111279071                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    111279071                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    111279071                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    111279071                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    111279071                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2714123.682927                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2714123.682927                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2714123.682927                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2714123.682927                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2714123.682927                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2714123.682927                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                 3776                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              144469510                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                 4032                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             35830.731647                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   220.616822                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    35.383178                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.861784                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.138216                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       988710                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        988710                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       733134                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       733134                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1887                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1887                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1785                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1785                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data      1721844                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total        1721844                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data      1721844                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total       1721844                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         9661                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         9661                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data           64                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           64                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         9725                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total         9725                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         9725                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total         9725                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2205057581                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2205057581                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      5184657                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      5184657                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2210242238                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2210242238                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2210242238                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2210242238                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       998371                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       998371                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       733198                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       733198                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         1887                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1887                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         1785                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1785                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      1731569                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1731569                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      1731569                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1731569                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.009677                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009677                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000087                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000087                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.005616                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005616                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.005616                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005616                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 228243.202671                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 228243.202671                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 81010.265625                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81010.265625                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 227274.266118                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 227274.266118                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 227274.266118                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 227274.266118                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          881                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total             881                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         5900                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         5900                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data           49                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           49                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         5949                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         5949                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         5949                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         5949                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3761                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3761                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3776                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3776                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3776                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3776                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    941702402                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    941702402                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      1017216                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1017216                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    942719618                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    942719618                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    942719618                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    942719618                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.003767                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003767                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002181                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002181                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002181                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002181                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 250386.174422                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 250386.174422                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 67814.400000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67814.400000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 249660.915784                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 249660.915784                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 249660.915784                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 249660.915784                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              509.991042                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs              971660475                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  515                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1886719.368932                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    34.991042                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.056075                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.817293                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1210113                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1210113                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1210113                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total        1210113                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1210113                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total       1210113                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     74750382                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     74750382                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     74750382                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     74750382                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     74750382                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     74750382                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1210161                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1210161                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1210161                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total      1210161                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1210161                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total      1210161                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1557299.625000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1557299.625000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1557299.625000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1557299.625000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1557299.625000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1557299.625000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     65858622                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     65858622                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     65858622                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     65858622                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     65858622                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     65858622                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1646465.550000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1646465.550000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1646465.550000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1646465.550000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1646465.550000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1646465.550000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                 4156                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              148144822                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                 4412                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             33577.702176                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   223.802334                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    32.197666                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.874228                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.125772                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       831340                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        831340                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       698744                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       698744                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1737                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1737                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1684                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1684                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data      1530084                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total        1530084                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data      1530084                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total       1530084                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        13127                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        13127                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          104                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          104                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        13231                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total        13231                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        13231                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total        13231                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   4429945232                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4429945232                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      8658067                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8658067                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   4438603299                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   4438603299                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   4438603299                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   4438603299                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       844467                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       844467                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       698848                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       698848                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         1737                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1737                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         1684                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1684                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      1543315                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1543315                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      1543315                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1543315                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.015545                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015545                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000149                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000149                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008573                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008573                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008573                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008573                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 337468.212996                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 337468.212996                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 83250.644231                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83250.644231                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 335469.979518                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 335469.979518                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 335469.979518                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 335469.979518                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          959                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total             959                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         8988                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         8988                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data           86                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           86                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         9074                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         9074                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         9074                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         9074                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         4139                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4139                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         4157                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4157                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         4157                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4157                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1185355887                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1185355887                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      1158938                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1158938                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1186514825                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1186514825                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1186514825                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1186514825                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.004901                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004901                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002694                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002694                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002694                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002694                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 286387.022711                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 286387.022711                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 64385.444444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64385.444444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 285425.745730                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 285425.745730                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 285425.745730                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 285425.745730                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              510.474715                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs              971661344                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1875794.100386                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    35.474715                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.056851                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.818068                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1210982                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1210982                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1210982                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total        1210982                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1210982                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total       1210982                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     90883288                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     90883288                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     90883288                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     90883288                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     90883288                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     90883288                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1211032                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1211032                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1211032                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total      1211032                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1211032                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total      1211032                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1817665.760000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1817665.760000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1817665.760000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1817665.760000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1817665.760000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1817665.760000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     79691622                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     79691622                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     79691622                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     79691622                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     79691622                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     79691622                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1853293.534884                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1853293.534884                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1853293.534884                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1853293.534884                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1853293.534884                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1853293.534884                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                 4160                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              148145873                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                 4416                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             33547.525589                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   223.768347                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    32.231653                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.874095                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.125905                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       831693                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        831693                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       699431                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       699431                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1748                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1748                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1684                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1684                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data      1531124                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total        1531124                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data      1531124                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total       1531124                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data        13163                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        13163                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          104                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          104                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data        13267                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total        13267                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data        13267                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total        13267                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   4412391677                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4412391677                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      8669877                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8669877                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   4421061554                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   4421061554                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   4421061554                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   4421061554                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       844856                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       844856                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       699535                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       699535                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         1748                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1748                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         1684                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1684                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      1544391                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1544391                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      1544391                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1544391                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.015580                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015580                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000149                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000149                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008590                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008590                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008590                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008590                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 335211.705310                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 335211.705310                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 83364.201923                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83364.201923                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 333237.472978                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 333237.472978                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 333237.472978                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 333237.472978                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          958                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total             958                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         9021                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         9021                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data           86                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           86                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         9107                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         9107                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         9107                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         9107                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         4142                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4142                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         4160                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4160                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         4160                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4160                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1171745736                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1171745736                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      1157991                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1157991                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1172903727                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1172903727                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1172903727                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1172903727                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.004903                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004903                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002694                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002694                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002694                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002694                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 282893.707388                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 282893.707388                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 64332.833333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64332.833333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 281948.011298                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 281948.011298                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 281948.011298                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 281948.011298                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
