
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.101474                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                101473729926                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               627660714690                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 224061                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   283633                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                1304323                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67609172                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 77798.00                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 17431466653                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   22066089047                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data      1328512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data      1752832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data      2362496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data      1736576                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data      3876224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data      3565184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data      3546624                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data      1368320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data      2459264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data      3538944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data      1403648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data      1765120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data      3959808                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data      2352000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data      2320896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data      1706496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             39120640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           77696                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     10925056                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total          10925056                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data        10379                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data        13694                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           33                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data        18457                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data        13567                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data        30283                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data        27853                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data        27708                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data        10690                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data        19213                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data        27648                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data        10966                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data        13790                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data        30936                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data        18375                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data        18132                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data        13332                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                305630                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           85352                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                85352                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst        46672                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     13092177                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst        51718                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     17273752                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst        41627                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     23281848                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst        50456                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     17113552                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst        47934                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     38199286                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst        47934                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     35134059                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst        47934                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     34951154                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst        49195                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     13484475                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst        45411                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     24235475                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst        47934                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     34875470                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst        49195                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     13832624                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst        51718                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     17394847                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst        49195                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     39022987                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst        42888                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     23178413                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst        44149                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     22871890                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst        51718                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     16817121                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               385524806                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst        46672                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst        51718                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst        41627                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst        50456                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst        47934                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst        47934                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst        47934                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst        49195                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst        45411                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst        47934                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst        49195                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst        51718                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst        49195                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst        42888                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst        44149                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst        51718                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             765676                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         107663885                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              107663885                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         107663885                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst        46672                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     13092177                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst        51718                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     17273752                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst        41627                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     23281848                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst        50456                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     17113552                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst        47934                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     38199286                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst        47934                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     35134059                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst        47934                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     34951154                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst        49195                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     13484475                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst        45411                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     24235475                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst        47934                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     34875470                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst        49195                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     13832624                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst        51718                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     17394847                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst        49195                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     39022987                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst        42888                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     23178413                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst        44149                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     22871890                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst        51718                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     16817121                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              493188691                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                 54                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles              243342279                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups       22062927                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted     18367006                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2000631                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8463840                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8080881                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2374872                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        93051                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles    191865060                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts            121001490                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches          22062927                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches     10455753                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles            25229837                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles       5574125                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles      6505421                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines        11912565                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1912076                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples    227155635                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.654764                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.029829                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0      201925798     88.89%     88.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1        1548732      0.68%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2        1951869      0.86%     90.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3        3093488      1.36%     91.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4        1307885      0.58%     92.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5        1686184      0.74%     93.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6        1950420      0.86%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7         894720      0.39%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8       12796539      5.63%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total    227155635                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.090666                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.497248                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles      190731890                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles      7747579                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles        25109437                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles        11957                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles      3554770                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved      3360894                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          547                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts    147931402                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         2653                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles      3554770                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles      190925908                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles        620663                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles      6584895                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles        24927339                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles       542056                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts    147017910                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents          154                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents        78024                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents       378429                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands    205303043                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups    683699535                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups    683699535                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps    171886503                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps       33416509                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts        35693                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18645                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts         1907970                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads     13776676                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores      7203396                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads        80682                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores      1634780                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded        143537610                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        35824                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued       137746627                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       128715                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17344902                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     35294297                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1433                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    227155635                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.606398                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.327250                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    168793552     74.31%     74.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     26608433     11.71%     86.02% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10891885      4.79%     90.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      6099331      2.69%     93.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8268167      3.64%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2541067      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2500054      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1347064      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       106082      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    227155635                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        938209     78.77%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead       130052     10.92%     89.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       122839     10.31%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    116039866     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1883078      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17047      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12625330      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7181306      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total    137746627                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.566061                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1191100                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008647                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    503968703                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    160918999                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    134157690                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses    138937727                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       101740                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2604742                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           32                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          665                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       104060                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           18                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles      3554770                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles        472377                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles        59506                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    143573441                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       113753                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13776676                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7203396                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18646                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents        52029                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           58                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          665                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1181801                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1127833                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts      2309634                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts    135344097                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12417901                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2402529                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs           19598534                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches       19144014                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores          7180633                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.556188                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent            134158149                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count           134157690                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers        80396220                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers       215958002                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.551313                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.372277                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100000000                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps    123223305                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20350670                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        34391                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts      2017772                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    223600865                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.551086                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.371552                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    171449750     76.68%     76.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     26431198     11.82%     88.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9591522      4.29%     92.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4783423      2.14%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4372772      1.96%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1835344      0.82%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1818868      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       866126      0.39%     98.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2451862      1.10%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    223600865                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts    100000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps    123223305                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs             18271267                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads            11171934                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars             17156                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches         17860911                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts       110941122                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls      2544540                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events      2451862                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads          364722276                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes         290702758                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled               2907334                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles              16186644                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts         100000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps           123223305                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total    100000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.433423                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.433423                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.410944                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.410944                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads      608978720                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes     187457088                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads     136802204                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes        34362                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                 52                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles              243342279                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups       20064588                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16418593                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1958620                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8246374                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7891888                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2071776                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        89046                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles    193146405                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts            112225296                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches          20064588                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches      9963664                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles            23420851                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles       5354681                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles      4562299                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines        11816802                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1960562                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples    224500124                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.613798                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.956349                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0      201079273     89.57%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1        1092974      0.49%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2        1734895      0.77%     90.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3        2345948      1.04%     91.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4        2416777      1.08%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5        2041931      0.91%     93.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6        1143912      0.51%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7        1698408      0.76%     95.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8       10946006      4.88%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total    224500124                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.082454                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.461183                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles      191177525                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles      6547697                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles        23378998                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles        25706                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles      3370197                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved      3301696                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          373                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts    137694581                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         1977                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles      3370197                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles      191703351                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles       1353092                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles      3990107                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles        22885524                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles      1197850                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts    137646704                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents          175                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents       163315                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents       522340                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands    192075249                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups    640354513                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups    640354513                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps    166517255                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps       25557986                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts        34082                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts        17712                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts         3584546                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads     12873796                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores      6982212                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads        82171                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores      1664642                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded        137482053                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        34204                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued       130550116                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17893                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15207775                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36424367                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1189                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    224500124                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581515                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.272490                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    169256831     75.39%     75.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22720998     10.12%     85.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11500861      5.12%     90.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8679380      3.87%     94.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6825212      3.04%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2755564      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1737842      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       903952      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       119484      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    224500124                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         24962     11.53%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead        79458     36.69%     48.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       112153     51.79%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    109798945     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1950826      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16367      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11823459      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6960519      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total    130550116                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.536488                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt            216573                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001659                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    485834822                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    152724573                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    128596823                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses    130766689                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       267893                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2056071                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          146                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          542                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       100246                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles      3370197                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles       1080481                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles       117050                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    137516403                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        41597                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12873796                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6982212                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        17713                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents        98917                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           16                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          542                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1139392                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1101611                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts      2241003                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts    128752354                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11127515                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1797762                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                 146                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs           18087763                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches       18294332                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores          6960248                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.529100                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent            128597056                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count           128596823                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers        73819814                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers       198923757                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.528461                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.371096                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts     97068621                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps    119441985                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18074460                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        33015                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts      1983375                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    221129927                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.540144                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.389040                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    172136386     77.84%     77.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     24284413     10.98%     88.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9171563      4.15%     92.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4373900      1.98%     94.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3685858      1.67%     96.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2113880      0.96%     97.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1848012      0.84%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       835478      0.38%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2680437      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    221129927                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts     97068621                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps    119441985                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs             17699688                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads            10817722                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars             16470                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches         17223609                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts       107615908                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls      2459576                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events      2680437                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads          355965259                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes         278403150                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled               2926653                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles              18842155                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts          97068621                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps           119441985                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total     97068621                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.506910                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.506910                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.398897                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.398897                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads      579489876                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes     179132172                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads     127657613                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes        32986                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                 24                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles              243342279                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups       18487779                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16499027                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1469016                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     12271601                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits       12048720                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1109187                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        44246                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles    195218422                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts            104995358                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches          18487779                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches     13157907                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles            23398553                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles       4826877                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles      2948776                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines        11808012                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1442049                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples    224915353                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.523082                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.765653                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0      201516800     89.60%     89.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1        3564456      1.58%     91.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2        1798724      0.80%     91.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3        3522102      1.57%     93.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4        1132896      0.50%     94.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5        3260889      1.45%     95.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6         515679      0.23%     95.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7         839626      0.37%     96.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8        8764181      3.90%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total    224915353                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.075974                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.431472                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles      192843299                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles      5368385                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles        23352554                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles        18823                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles      3332288                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved      1754766                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred        17314                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts    117464262                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts        32856                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles      3332288                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles      193108260                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles       3243128                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles      1312488                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles        23107732                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles       811453                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts    117297314                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents          171                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents        91468                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents       650054                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands    153731624                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups    531606836                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups    531606836                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps    124678170                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps       29053438                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts        15751                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts         7968                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts         1755205                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads     21124098                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores      3443764                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads        21853                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores       785602                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded        116686558                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        15806                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued       109266099                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        70954                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     21048929                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     43081992                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          109                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    224915353                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.485810                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.098384                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    176982157     78.69%     78.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     15143867      6.73%     85.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     15993060      7.11%     92.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9313593      4.14%     96.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      4794195      2.13%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1201958      0.53%     99.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1425113      0.63%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        33195      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        28215      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    224915353                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        183430     57.34%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead        74731     23.36%     80.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        61763     19.31%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     85697760     78.43%     78.43% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       857343      0.78%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7784      0.01%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     19288679     17.65%     96.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3414533      3.12%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total    109266099                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.449022                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt            319924                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002928                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    443838429                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    137751564                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    106501259                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses    109586023                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        87566                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4287841                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           97                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          279                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        85717                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles      3332288                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles       2192637                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles        99514                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    116702441                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5831                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     21124098                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3443764                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         7965                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents        39116                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2155                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          279                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       990548                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       568042                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts      1558590                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts    107881930                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     19015207                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1384169                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                  77                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs           22429581                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches       16399136                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores          3414374                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.443334                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent            106525390                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count           106501259                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers        64430458                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers       140404356                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.437660                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.458892                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts     84822804                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps     95507886                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts     21199250                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        15697                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts      1459741                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    221583065                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.431025                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.301912                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    186021095     83.95%     83.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     13972974      6.31%     90.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8977117      4.05%     94.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2826139      1.28%     95.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4687473      2.12%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       914097      0.41%     98.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       580289      0.26%     98.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       530898      0.24%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3072983      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    221583065                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts     84822804                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps     95507886                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs             20194299                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads            16836252                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars              7832                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches         14653250                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts        83468936                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls      1195430                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events      3072983                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads          335216906                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes         236749228                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled               4335260                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles              18426926                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts          84822804                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps            95507886                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total     84822804                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.868831                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.868831                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.348574                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.348574                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads      501435848                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes     138772387                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads     124735779                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes        15682                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                 52                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles              243342279                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups       20058563                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16412179                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1959274                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8281873                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7891024                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2072552                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        89268                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles    193166692                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts            112178077                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches          20058563                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches      9963576                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles            23413939                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles       5347135                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles      4583128                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines        11817604                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1961075                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples    224526126                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.613508                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.955869                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0      201112187     89.57%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1        1092697      0.49%     90.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2        1733058      0.77%     90.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3        2347627      1.05%     91.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4        2415205      1.08%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5        2044593      0.91%     93.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6        1141333      0.51%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7        1700365      0.76%     95.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8       10939061      4.87%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total    224526126                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.082429                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.460989                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles      191202822                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles      6563775                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles        23371750                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles        25783                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles      3361995                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved      3301955                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          372                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts    137643751                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         1987                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles      3361995                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles      191726611                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles       1353540                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles      4009039                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles        22880472                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles      1194466                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts    137595758                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents          183                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents       163498                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents       520649                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands    192015304                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups    640107881                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups    640107881                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps    166533564                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps       25481734                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts        34211                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts        17842                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts         3573685                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads     12872230                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores      6981577                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads        82503                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores      1665859                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded        137432875                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        34330                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued       130541465                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17813                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15140474                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36231410                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1311                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    224526126                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581409                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.272271                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    169278675     75.39%     75.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22723124     10.12%     85.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11505124      5.12%     90.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8684683      3.87%     94.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6821188      3.04%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2753929      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1735704      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       904169      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       119530      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    224526126                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         24834     11.47%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead        79442     36.70%     48.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       112163     51.82%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    109790160     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1949487      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16368      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11825598      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6959852      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total    130541465                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.536452                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt            216439                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001658                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    485843308                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    152608217                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    128585977                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses    130757904                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       266623                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2053471                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          140                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          541                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        98967                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles      3361995                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles       1080595                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles       117083                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    137467352                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        38021                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12872230                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6981577                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        17843                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents        99002                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           18                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          541                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1140491                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1101066                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts      2241557                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts    128741183                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11128317                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1800282                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                 147                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs           18087909                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches       18296104                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores          6959592                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.529054                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent            128586192                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count           128585977                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers        73811982                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers       198882113                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.528416                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.371134                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts     97078105                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps    119453594                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18013782                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        33019                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts      1984035                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    221164131                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.540113                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.388955                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    172164423     77.84%     77.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     24287200     10.98%     88.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9173486      4.15%     92.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4374072      1.98%     94.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3686108      1.67%     96.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2114617      0.96%     97.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1848798      0.84%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       836515      0.38%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2678912      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    221164131                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts     97078105                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps    119453594                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs             17701365                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads            10818755                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars             16472                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches         17225264                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts       107626359                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls      2459804                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events      2678912                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads          355951919                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes         278296814                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled               2926271                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles              18816153                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts          97078105                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps           119453594                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total     97078105                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.506665                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.506665                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.398936                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.398936                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads      579435433                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes     179119425                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads     127610618                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes        32990                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                 25                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles              243342279                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups       18938056                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17088754                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       991844                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7159214                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits        6773293                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1047689                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        43987                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles    200783705                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts            119134206                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches          18938056                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches      7820982                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles            23558109                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles       3112619                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles      4819870                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines        11523384                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes       996887                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples    231257713                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.604353                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.932125                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0      207699604     89.81%     89.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1         840416      0.36%     90.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2        1719350      0.74%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3         722830      0.31%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4        3918210      1.69%     92.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5        3483964      1.51%     94.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6         676807      0.29%     94.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7        1412129      0.61%     95.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8       10784403      4.66%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total    231257713                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.077825                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.489575                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles      199656955                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles      5958869                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles        23471534                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles        74823                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles      2095527                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved      1662357                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          502                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts    139695606                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         2753                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles      2095527                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles      199859670                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles       4295113                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles      1028382                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles        23357572                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles       621444                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts    139622942                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents          140                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents       265931                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents       225111                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.FullRegisterEvents         3328                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands    163911965                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups    657646729                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups    657646729                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps    145504902                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps       18407049                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts        16210                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8181                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts         1568566                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads     32953965                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores     16672066                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads       152175                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores       806366                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded        139353648                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        16260                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued       134029219                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        70369                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     10676116                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     25566862                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           83                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    231257713                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579566                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.377085                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    183655197     79.42%     79.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14240113      6.16%     85.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11702085      5.06%     90.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5055210      2.19%     92.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6411591      2.77%     95.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      6214250      2.69%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3527049      1.53%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       278346      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       173872      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    231257713                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        339293     11.08%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2645499     86.41%     97.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        76601      2.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     84066243     62.72%     62.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1170781      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8026      0.01%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     32148295     23.99%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     16635874     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total    134029219                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.550785                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt           3061393                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022841                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    502447913                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    150049416                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    132886531                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses    137090612                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       240878                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1257806                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          527                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3399                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        99346                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        11870                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles      2095527                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles       3942026                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles       177283                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    139369990                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1330                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     32953965                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     16672066                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8184                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents       120834                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           79                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3399                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       578518                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       584779                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts      1163297                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts    133092923                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     32038438                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       936296                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                  82                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs           48673000                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches       17438064                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores         16634562                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.546937                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent            132890831                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count           132886531                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers        71756024                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers       141346395                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.546089                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.507661                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts    108002097                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps    126920017                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts     12463887                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16177                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts      1013607                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    229162186                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553844                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377611                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    183158518     79.93%     79.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     16771687      7.32%     87.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      7875469      3.44%     90.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      7788836      3.40%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2117843      0.92%     95.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      9064551      3.96%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       676264      0.30%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       492971      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1216047      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    229162186                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts    108002097                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps    126920017                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs             48268871                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads            31696156                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars              8076                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches         16760504                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts       112862216                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls      1229290                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events      1216047                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads          367329718                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes         280863569                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled               4402807                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles              12084566                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts         108002097                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps           126920017                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total    108002097                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.253126                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.253126                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.443828                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.443828                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads      657999090                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes     154305460                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads     166378675                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes        16152                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                 49                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles              243342279                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups       19716769                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16123880                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1923528                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8361043                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7801871                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2030324                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        85710                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles    191444724                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts            111824617                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches          19716769                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches      9832195                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles            23450980                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles       5565898                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles      3366390                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           26                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines        11768536                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1938818                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples    221862216                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615963                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.966863                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0      198411236     89.43%     89.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1        1274190      0.57%     90.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2        2012376      0.91%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3        3190435      1.44%     92.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4        1333718      0.60%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5        1498429      0.68%     93.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6        1571623      0.71%     94.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7        1029840      0.46%     94.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8       11540369      5.20%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total    221862216                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.081025                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.459536                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles      189696416                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles      5128353                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles        23378398                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles        59403                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles      3599644                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved      3233336                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          454                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts    136577432                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         2957                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles      3599644                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles      189977594                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles       1657699                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles      2653355                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles        23162108                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles       811814                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts    136498307                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents        25524                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents       235936                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents       302990                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.FullRegisterEvents        37439                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands    189493313                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups    634986612                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups    634986612                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps    161982194                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps       27511114                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts        34828                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19162                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts         2452723                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads     13019029                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores      6992795                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads       211649                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores      1588136                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded        136308508                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        34927                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued       129097138                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       158740                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17165107                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     38044247                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3338                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    221862216                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581880                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.273444                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    167418259     75.46%     75.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     21851263      9.85%     85.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11957301      5.39%     90.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8142960      3.67%     94.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7615127      3.43%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2199810      0.99%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1698306      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       580521      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       398669      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    221862216                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         30024     12.46%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead        93118     38.66%     51.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       117747     48.88%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    108145564     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2037895      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        15662      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11938750      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6959267      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total    129097138                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.530517                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt            240889                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001866                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    480456121                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    153509936                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    127029759                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses    129338027                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       391968                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2327999                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          311                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1418                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       196416                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8064                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles      3599644                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles       1104629                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles       116812                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    136343572                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        53452                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13019029                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6992795                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19147                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents        86294                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           36                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1418                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1125796                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1094958                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts      2220754                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts    127268165                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11228692                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1828973                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                 137                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs           18186324                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches       17910216                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores          6957632                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.523001                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent            127030752                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count           127029759                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers        74271388                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers       194030237                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.522021                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.382783                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts     95147716                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps    116626941                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts     19716817                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        31589                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts      1964395                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    218262572                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.534342                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.387846                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    170911545     78.31%     78.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     22928679     10.51%     88.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8932642      4.09%     92.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4809435      2.20%     95.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3604855      1.65%     96.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2010365      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1239204      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1108572      0.51%     98.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2717275      1.24%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    218262572                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts     95147716                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps    116626941                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs             17487406                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads            10691027                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars             15760                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches         16741286                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts       105089628                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls      2369270                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events      2717275                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads          351888418                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes         276287361                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled               3086217                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles              21480063                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts          95147716                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps           116626941                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total     95147716                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.557521                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.557521                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.391004                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.391004                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads      573948608                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes     176085399                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads     127381543                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes        31560                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                 49                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles              243342279                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups       19716405                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16123143                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1923379                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8366020                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7802450                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2030396                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        85663                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles    191439927                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts            111812326                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches          19716405                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches      9832846                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles            23449513                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles       5561821                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles      3375055                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           26                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines        11768424                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1938522                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples    221860728                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615909                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.966728                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0      198411215     89.43%     89.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1        1273842      0.57%     90.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2        2012616      0.91%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3        3189233      1.44%     92.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4        1333852      0.60%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5        1497322      0.67%     93.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6        1576180      0.71%     94.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7        1031679      0.47%     94.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8       11534789      5.20%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total    221860728                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.081023                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.459486                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles      189698235                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles      5130626                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles        23376611                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles        59502                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles      3595752                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved      3233633                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          457                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts    136563220                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         2969                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles      3595752                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles      189978493                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles       1649870                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles      2666008                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles        23161032                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles       809571                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts    136483820                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents        24980                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents       235544                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents       302338                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.FullRegisterEvents        36318                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands    189473701                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups    634913893                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups    634913893                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps    162015237                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps       27458464                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts        34931                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19263                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts         2449094                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads     13016551                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores      6993895                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads       212032                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores      1589040                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded        136295490                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        35027                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued       129100672                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       158526                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17131998                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     37948326                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3430                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    221860728                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581900                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.273476                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    167412804     75.46%     75.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     21857626      9.85%     85.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11954604      5.39%     90.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8144743      3.67%     94.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7612265      3.43%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2199954      0.99%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1698791      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       581495      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       398446      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    221860728                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         30085     12.50%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead        92858     38.58%     51.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       117727     48.92%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    108148764     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2038388      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        15665      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11937339      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6960516      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total    129100672                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.530531                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt            240670                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001864                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    480461268                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    153463925                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    127037836                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses    129341342                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       389784                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2323357                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          343                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1435                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       196142                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8061                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles      3595752                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles       1101086                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles       116010                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    136330655                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        52986                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13016551                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6993895                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19246                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents        85616                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           32                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1435                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1125419                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1094364                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts      2219783                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts    127275224                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11229074                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1825448                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                 138                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs           18187951                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches       17911853                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores          6958877                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.523030                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent            127038829                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count           127037836                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers        74281322                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers       194046058                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.522054                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.382803                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts     95167178                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps    116650699                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts     19680171                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        31597                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts      1964192                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    218264976                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.534445                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.388049                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    170908191     78.30%     78.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     22932923     10.51%     88.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8927644      4.09%     92.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4813916      2.21%     95.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3604704      1.65%     96.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2011337      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1237441      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1109967      0.51%     98.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2718853      1.25%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    218264976                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts     95167178                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps    116650699                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs             17490947                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads            10693194                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars             15764                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches         16744674                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts       105111039                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls      2369743                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events      2718853                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads          351876356                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes         276257706                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled               3085689                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles              21481551                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts          95167178                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps           116650699                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total     95167178                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.556998                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.556998                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.391084                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.391084                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads      573981399                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes     176096803                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads     127371431                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes        31568                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                 54                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles              243342279                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups       22046389                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted     18357196                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2001479                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8542487                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8082375                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2371407                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        93254                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles    191812910                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts            120926963                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches          22046389                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches     10453782                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles            25212710                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles       5565005                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles      6564248                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines        11908821                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1912821                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples    227135253                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.654232                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.028972                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0      201922543     88.90%     88.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1        1546030      0.68%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2        1956053      0.86%     90.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3        3095567      1.36%     91.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4        1305691      0.57%     92.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5        1683562      0.74%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6        1950982      0.86%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7         890808      0.39%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8       12784017      5.63%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total    227135253                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.090598                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.496942                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles      190684049                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles      7802228                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles        25092079                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles        12037                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles      3544858                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved      3354195                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          527                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts    147795914                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         2598                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles      3544858                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles      190878208                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles        619790                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles      6641378                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles        24910001                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles       541014                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts    146880297                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents          144                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents        78179                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents       377390                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands    205150050                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups    683069043                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups    683069043                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps    171830162                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps       33319863                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts        35777                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18735                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts         1902490                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads     13738648                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores      7193663                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads        80910                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores      1627505                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded        143394693                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        35905                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued       137649460                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       124852                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17268990                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     35015071                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1526                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    227135253                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.606024                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326908                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    168805378     74.32%     74.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     26605940     11.71%     86.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10879656      4.79%     90.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      6092269      2.68%     93.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8263624      3.64%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2536172      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2499375      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1346917      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       105922      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    227135253                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        938647     78.96%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead       127299     10.71%     89.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       122794     10.33%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    115968256     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1882817      1.37%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17041      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12609368      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7171978      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total    137649460                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.565662                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1188740                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008636                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    503747761                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    160700252                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    134069076                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses    138838200                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       102305                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2570398                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           71                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          666                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        96684                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            1                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles      3544858                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles        471630                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles        59506                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    143430604                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       113007                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13738648                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7193663                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18736                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents        51968                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           62                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          666                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1185562                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1123446                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts      2309008                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts    135249299                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12407325                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2400157                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs           19578756                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches       19130592                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores          7171431                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.555799                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent            134069432                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count           134069076                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers        80347429                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers       215793305                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.550949                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.372335                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts     99967150                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps    123182803                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20248326                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        34379                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts      2018624                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    223590395                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.550931                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.371360                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    171457129     76.68%     76.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     26419872     11.82%     88.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9588655      4.29%     92.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4783753      2.14%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4370701      1.95%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1837694      0.82%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1816203      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       865234      0.39%     98.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2451154      1.10%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    223590395                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts     99967150                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps    123182803                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs             18265226                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads            11168250                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars             17150                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches         17855053                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts       110904628                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls      2543695                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events      2451154                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads          364569668                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes         290407150                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled               2906413                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles              16207026                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts          99967150                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps           123182803                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total     99967150                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.434222                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.434222                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.410809                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.410809                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads      608585273                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes     187349239                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads     136714821                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes        34350                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                 50                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles              243342271                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups       19769823                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16211007                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1938273                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8271435                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7731180                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2031249                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        87595                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles    188819393                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts            112315300                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches          19769823                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches      9762429                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles            24715052                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles       5486816                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles      6269284                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines        11629710                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1922686                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples    223322209                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614958                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.965599                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0      198607157     88.93%     88.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1        2682615      1.20%     90.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2        3102397      1.39%     91.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3        1705349      0.76%     92.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4        1956334      0.88%     93.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5        1086582      0.49%     93.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6         734686      0.33%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7        1912758      0.86%     94.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8       11534331      5.16%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total    223322209                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.081243                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.461553                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles      187287186                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles      7830495                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles        24507836                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles       196308                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles      3500382                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved      3209999                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred        18099                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts    137111477                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts        89715                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles      3500382                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles      187586672                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles       2795484                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles      4197481                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles        24416885                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles       825303                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts    137026871                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents          196                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents       211046                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents       384554                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands    190455664                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups    637983868                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups    637983868                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps    162840162                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps       27615404                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts        36147                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20245                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts         2203475                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads     13084792                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores      7130163                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads       186993                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores      1576754                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded        136830445                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        36230                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued       129412961                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       180657                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     16932950                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     38999526                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4245                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    223322209                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579490                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.268983                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    168785162     75.58%     75.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     21939202      9.82%     85.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11793661      5.28%     90.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8155161      3.65%     94.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7124554      3.19%     97.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3644755      1.63%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       885492      0.40%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       567765      0.25%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       426457      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    223322209                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         34744     12.42%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead       119443     42.69%     55.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       125629     44.90%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    108327006     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2022008      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        15858      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11969003      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7079086      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total    129412961                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.531815                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt            279816                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002162                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    482608604                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    153800857                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    127263371                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses    129692777                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       327451                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2294595                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          854                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1234                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       148723                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         7928                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles      3500382                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles       2322856                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles       141539                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    136866795                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        51274                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13084792                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7130163                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20255                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents       100310                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            4                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1234                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1127380                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1084361                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts      2211741                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts    127502370                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11242689                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1910591                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                 120                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs           18320185                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches       17849940                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores          7077496                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.523963                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent            127265526                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count           127263371                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers        75641732                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers       198062293                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.522981                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.381909                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts     95624580                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps    117319892                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts     19548101                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        31985                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts      1949458                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    219821827                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533704                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.352684                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    171896691     78.20%     78.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     22223336     10.11%     88.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9312775      4.24%     92.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5599428      2.55%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3871655      1.76%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2506454      1.14%     97.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1296379      0.59%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1045314      0.48%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2069795      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    219821827                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts     95624580                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps    117319892                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs             17771580                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads            10790168                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars             15958                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches         16790453                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts       105768676                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls      2386899                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events      2069795                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads          354619375                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes         277236554                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled               2892290                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles              20020062                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts          95624580                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps           117319892                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total     95624580                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.544767                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.544767                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.392963                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.392963                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads      575173697                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes     176634610                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads     127976070                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes        31954                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                 49                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles              243342279                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups       19720297                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16126489                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1922990                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8363684                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7803161                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2032204                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        85926                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles    191489686                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts            111839544                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches          19720297                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches      9835365                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles            23455332                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles       5562340                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles      3359669                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           26                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines        11770457                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1937980                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples    221901830                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615953                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.966849                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0      198446498     89.43%     89.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1        1274179      0.57%     90.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2        2014402      0.91%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3        3192207      1.44%     92.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4        1331862      0.60%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5        1496153      0.67%     93.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6        1573925      0.71%     94.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7        1031211      0.46%     94.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8       11541393      5.20%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total    221901830                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.081039                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.459598                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles      189744925                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles      5118634                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles        23382236                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles        59371                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles      3596662                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved      3234092                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          457                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts    136596010                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         2969                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles      3596662                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles      190025835                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles       1651465                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles      2650686                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles        23165845                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles       811335                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts    136517186                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents        24964                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents       235022                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents       303037                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.FullRegisterEvents        37496                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands    189530803                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups    635080553                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups    635080553                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps    162055631                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps       27475167                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts        34864                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19193                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts         2452314                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads     13020723                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores      6996105                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads       212033                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores      1589224                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded        136327248                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        34967                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued       129131375                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       158949                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17135647                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     37970872                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3362                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    221901830                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581930                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.273462                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    167440061     75.46%     75.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     21860537      9.85%     85.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11961549      5.39%     90.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8147784      3.67%     94.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7612207      3.43%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2200229      0.99%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1700471      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       580347      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       398645      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    221901830                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         30115     12.50%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead        93083     38.64%     51.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       117689     48.86%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    108170746     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2038892      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        15669      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11943248      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6962820      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total    129131375                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.530657                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt            240887                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001865                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    480564416                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    153499272                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    127063536                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses    129372262                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       391112                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2324854                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          353                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1432                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       196653                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8062                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles      3596662                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles       1101332                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles       116509                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    136362350                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        53284                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13020723                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6996105                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19180                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents        86143                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           33                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1432                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1126056                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1093474                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts      2219530                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts    127301890                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11233410                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1829485                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                 135                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs           18194576                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches       17915771                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores          6961166                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.523139                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent            127064560                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count           127063536                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers        74294771                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers       194077325                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.522160                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.382810                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts     95190952                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps    116679821                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts     19682721                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        31605                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts      1963796                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    218305168                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.534480                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.388090                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    170936434     78.30%     78.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     22938378     10.51%     88.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8932215      4.09%     92.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4811732      2.20%     95.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3606993      1.65%     96.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2011963      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1237617      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1110360      0.51%     98.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2719476      1.25%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    218305168                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts     95190952                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps    116679821                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs             17495318                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads            10695866                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars             15768                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches         16748860                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts       105137272                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls      2370333                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events      2719476                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads          351947597                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes         276321944                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled               3085729                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles              21440449                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts          95190952                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps           116679821                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total     95190952                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.556359                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.556359                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.391181                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.391181                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads      574102472                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes     176135831                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads     127403718                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes        31576                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                 54                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles              243342279                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups       22044251                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted     18352058                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1999714                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8472756                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8079639                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2373087                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        92887                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles    191749756                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts            120902689                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches          22044251                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches     10452726                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles            25211613                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles       5568113                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles      6602778                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines        11905020                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1911469                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples    227114333                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.654348                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.029175                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0      201902720     88.90%     88.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1        1546532      0.68%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2        1952467      0.86%     90.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3        3090924      1.36%     91.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4        1309827      0.58%     92.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5        1684822      0.74%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6        1949589      0.86%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7         893099      0.39%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8       12784353      5.63%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total    227114333                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.090589                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.496842                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles      190619440                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles      7841870                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles        25091401                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles        11979                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles      3549641                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved      3357427                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          546                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts    147811005                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         2262                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles      3549641                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles      190812583                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles        620646                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles      6680381                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles        24910244                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles       540834                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts    146900782                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents          157                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents        77864                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents       377527                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands    205145718                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups    683170928                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups    683170928                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps    171792278                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps       33353429                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts        35607                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18569                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts         1902670                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads     13764816                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores      7197249                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads        80874                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores      1636744                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded        143426409                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        35738                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued       137645821                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       126557                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17311055                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     35225097                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1367                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    227114333                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.606064                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326844                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    168784415     74.32%     74.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     26601545     11.71%     86.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10881767      4.79%     90.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      6098556      2.69%     93.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8261156      3.64%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2539338      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2494828      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1347032      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       105696      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    227114333                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        936878     78.79%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead       129463     10.89%     89.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       122728     10.32%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    115956480     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1882112      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17037      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12614564      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7175628      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total    137645821                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.565647                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1189069                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008639                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    503721598                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    160773855                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    134062795                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses    138834890                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       102295                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2599007                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           42                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          656                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       101814                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           78                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles      3549641                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles        472337                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles        59163                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    143462151                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       113242                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13764816                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7197249                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18570                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents        51682                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           58                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          656                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1182455                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1125005                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts      2307460                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts    135247582                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12409890                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2398236                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs           19584885                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches       19131004                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores          7174995                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.555792                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent            134063270                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count           134062795                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers        80343517                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers       215819069                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.550923                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.372273                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts     99945159                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps    123155736                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20306953                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        34371                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts      2016870                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    223564692                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.550873                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.371314                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    171441222     76.69%     76.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     26416780     11.82%     88.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9587922      4.29%     92.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4779859      2.14%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4371755      1.96%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1833172      0.82%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1817832      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       865537      0.39%     98.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2450613      1.10%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    223564692                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts     99945159                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps    123155736                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs             18261240                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads            11165805                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars             17146                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches         17851107                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts       110880277                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls      2543139                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events      2450613                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads          364576066                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes         290475046                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled               2906361                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles              16227946                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts          99945159                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps           123155736                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total     99945159                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.434758                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.434758                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.410718                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.410718                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads      608551997                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes     187327555                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads     136692815                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes        34342                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                 52                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles              243342278                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups       20045605                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16402666                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1961182                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8340160                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7894262                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2073255                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        89494                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles    193141373                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts            112070841                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches          20045605                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches      9967517                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles            23403642                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles       5344527                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles      4579113                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           16                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines        11817049                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1962939                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples    224482003                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.613111                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.955130                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0      201078361     89.57%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1        1095316      0.49%     90.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2        1736354      0.77%     90.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3        2349471      1.05%     91.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4        2414172      1.08%     92.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5        2042243      0.91%     93.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6        1141962      0.51%     94.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7        1696654      0.76%     95.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8       10927470      4.87%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total    224482003                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.082376                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.460548                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles      191179202                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles      6557915                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles        23361804                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles        25597                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles      3357484                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved      3298535                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          374                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts    137528541                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         1992                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles      3357484                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles      191703108                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles       1357270                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles      4002732                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles        22870301                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles      1191105                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts    137479175                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents          191                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents       162523                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents       519470                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands    191856213                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups    639556857                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups    639556857                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps    166456471                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps       25399742                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts        34276                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts        17913                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts         3565588                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads     12871755                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores      6976256                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads        81649                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores      1752332                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded        137313307                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        34401                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued       130461091                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17871                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15085133                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36035248                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1397                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    224482003                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581165                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.271527                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    169187157     75.37%     75.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22807624     10.16%     85.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11531341      5.14%     90.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8646884      3.85%     94.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6797229      3.03%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2752868      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1735328      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       903667      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       119905      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    224482003                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         24911     11.51%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead        79406     36.69%     48.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       112094     51.80%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    109723519     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1945619      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16361      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11821667      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6953925      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total    130461091                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.536122                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt            216411                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001659                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    485638467                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    152433378                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    128498803                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses    130677502                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       265815                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2057971                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          132                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          539                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        96795                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles      3357484                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles       1085601                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles       117031                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    137347853                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        48300                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12871755                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6976256                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        17914                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents        98982                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           13                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          539                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1143527                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1099479                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts      2243006                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts    128654696                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11123275                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1806395                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                 145                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs           18076920                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches       18286277                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores          6953645                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.528698                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent            128499016                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count           128498803                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers        73764204                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers       198756031                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.528058                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.371129                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts     97033213                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps    119398416                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts     17949476                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        33004                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts      1985931                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    221124519                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.539960                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.387685                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    172086716     77.82%     77.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     24334326     11.00%     88.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9166344      4.15%     92.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4369261      1.98%     94.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3722500      1.68%     96.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2114421      0.96%     97.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1825034      0.83%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       836026      0.38%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2669891      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    221124519                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts     97033213                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps    119398416                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs             17693245                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads            10813784                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars             16464                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches         17217333                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts       107576643                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls      2458676                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events      2669891                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads          355801844                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes         278053323                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled               2927613                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles              18860275                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts          97033213                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps           119398416                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total     97033213                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.507825                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.507825                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.398752                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.398752                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads      579053132                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes     179008478                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads     127492854                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes        32976                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                 25                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles              243342279                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups       18925188                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17077702                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       991707                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7169534                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits        6769287                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1046732                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        43849                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles    200628068                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts            119060482                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches          18925188                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches      7816019                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles            23544252                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles       3113846                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles      4803582                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines        11515714                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes       996787                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples    231073331                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.604460                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.932287                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0      207529079     89.81%     89.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1         841282      0.36%     90.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2        1717931      0.74%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3         722783      0.31%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4        3915963      1.69%     92.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5        3480262      1.51%     94.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6         676196      0.29%     94.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7        1411906      0.61%     95.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8       10777929      4.66%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total    231073331                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.077772                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.489272                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles      199503343                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles      5940497                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles        23457983                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles        74577                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles      2096926                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved      1660684                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          503                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts    139609356                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         2769                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles      2096926                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles      199705615                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles       4281444                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles      1025317                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles        23344105                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles       619919                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts    139537563                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents           91                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents       265119                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents       224728                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.FullRegisterEvents         3100                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands    163821005                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups    657249298                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups    657249298                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps    145387085                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps       18433914                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts        16201                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8178                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts         1565268                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads     32927103                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores     16658204                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads       151258                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores       805760                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded        139267792                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        16250                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued       133931971                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        69599                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     10694447                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     25612221                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           85                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    231073331                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579608                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.377170                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    183508406     79.42%     79.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14228659      6.16%     85.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11689566      5.06%     90.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5051679      2.19%     92.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6408844      2.77%     95.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      6209782      2.69%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3523973      1.53%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       278357      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       174065      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    231073331                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        339453     11.10%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2642992     86.40%     97.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        76680      2.51%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     84011967     62.73%     62.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1170053      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8020      0.01%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     32120051     23.98%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     16621880     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total    133931971                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.550385                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt           3059125                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022841                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    502065997                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    149981912                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    132791163                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses    136991096                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       240469                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1258377                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          547                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3430                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        99732                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        11863                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles      2096926                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles       3929613                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles       176630                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    139284125                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1394                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     32927103                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     16658204                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8180                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents       120381                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           84                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3430                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       578458                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       584331                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts      1162789                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts    132996450                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     32010699                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       935521                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                  83                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs           48631257                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches       17423978                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores         16620558                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.546541                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent            132795408                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count           132791163                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers        71710098                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers       141276913                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.545697                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.507585                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts    107912849                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps    126815500                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts     12482215                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16165                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts      1013433                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    228976405                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553837                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377601                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    183009945     79.93%     79.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     16759267      7.32%     87.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      7868092      3.44%     90.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      7782881      3.40%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2115767      0.92%     95.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      9056737      3.96%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       676368      0.30%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       492339      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1215009      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    228976405                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts    107912849                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps    126815500                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs             48227190                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads            31668723                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars              8070                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches         16746801                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts       112769375                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls      1228368                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events      1215009                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads          367058786                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes         280692567                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled               4400263                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles              12268948                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts         107912849                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps           126815500                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total    107912849                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.254989                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.254989                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.443461                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.443461                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads      657519747                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes     154200537                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads     166265198                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes        16140                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                 24                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles              243342279                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups       18490654                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16501283                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1468858                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     12224160                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits       12050147                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1109037                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        44213                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles    195243406                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts            105012426                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches          18490654                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches     13159184                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles            23399861                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles       4826210                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles      2950539                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.MiscStallCycles           12                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           30                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines        11809064                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1441859                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples    224942909                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.523082                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.765704                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0      201543048     89.60%     89.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1        3565294      1.58%     91.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2        1797421      0.80%     91.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3        3522252      1.57%     93.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4        1132642      0.50%     94.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5        3260325      1.45%     95.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6         515337      0.23%     95.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7         840349      0.37%     96.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8        8766241      3.90%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total    224942909                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.075986                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.431542                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles      192864677                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles      5373741                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles        23353986                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles        18760                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles      3331741                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved      1755364                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred        17322                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts    117479188                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts        32804                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles      3331741                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles      193129999                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles       3251423                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles      1307978                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles        23108978                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles       812786                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts    117312050                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents          213                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents        91689                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents       651192                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands    153747065                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups    531663145                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups    531663145                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps    124697528                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps       29049517                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts        15754                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts         7971                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts         1758577                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads     21130477                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores      3442972                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads        21653                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores       786082                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded        116702003                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        15811                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued       109285087                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        70752                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     21047297                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     43070159                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          113                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    224942909                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.485835                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.098455                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    177003641     78.69%     78.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     15146175      6.73%     85.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     15992978      7.11%     92.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9314449      4.14%     96.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      4795815      2.13%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1202496      0.53%     99.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1425854      0.63%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        33263      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        28238      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    224942909                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        183218     57.29%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead        74795     23.39%     80.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        61768     19.32%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     85710202     78.43%     78.43% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       857296      0.78%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7784      0.01%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     19295881     17.66%     96.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3413924      3.12%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total    109285087                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.449100                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt            319781                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002926                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    443903614                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    137765387                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    106521112                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses    109604868                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        86302                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4289328                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          121                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          282                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        84914                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles      3331741                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles       2199760                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles        99799                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    116717910                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         4839                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     21130477                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3442972                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         7969                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents        39106                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2189                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          282                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       989246                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       568911                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts      1558157                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts    107904478                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     19023840                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1380607                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                  96                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs           22437585                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches       16403344                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores          3413745                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.443427                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent            106545167                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count           106521112                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers        64442974                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers       140415780                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.437742                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.458944                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts     84839193                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps     95524275                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts     21198384                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        15698                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts      1459604                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    221611168                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.431044                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.301887                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    186042951     83.95%     83.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     13975364      6.31%     90.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8977336      4.05%     94.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2826375      1.28%     95.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4689445      2.12%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       915699      0.41%     98.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       580877      0.26%     98.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       531391      0.24%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3071730      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    221611168                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts     84839193                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps     95524275                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs             20199202                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads            16841144                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars              7832                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches         14655974                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts        83482611                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls      1195435                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events      3071730                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads          335261785                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes         236779722                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled               4336425                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles              18399370                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts          84839193                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps            95524275                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total     84839193                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.868277                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.868277                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.348641                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.348641                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads      501543975                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes     138795643                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads     124758071                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes        15684                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                 50                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles              243342279                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups       19793065                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16230135                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1941005                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8284595                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7737998                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2034496                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        87809                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles    189052334                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts            112466390                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches          19793065                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches      9772494                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles            24745188                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles       5496403                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles      6144061                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines        11644389                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1925655                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples    223466862                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615393                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.966268                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0      198721674     88.93%     88.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1        2683678      1.20%     90.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2        3105179      1.39%     91.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3        1707292      0.76%     92.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4        1959913      0.88%     93.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5        1087178      0.49%     93.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6         735964      0.33%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7        1915153      0.86%     94.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8       11550831      5.17%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total    223466862                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.081338                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.462174                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles      187519307                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles      7706041                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles        24538602                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles       195752                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles      3507158                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved      3213644                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred        18125                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts    137298970                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts        89707                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles      3507158                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles      187818925                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles       2797158                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles      4071269                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles        24446986                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles       825364                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts    137214057                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents          199                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents       211521                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents       384420                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands    190717526                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups    638860718                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups    638860718                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps    163021801                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps       27695719                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts        36283                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20385                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts         2210256                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads     13102659                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores      7138905                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads       188670                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores      1584024                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded        137017636                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        36378                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued       129576454                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       181600                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     16990206                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     39132570                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4355                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    223466862                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579846                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269325                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    168863047     75.57%     75.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     21963793      9.83%     85.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11810259      5.29%     90.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8164219      3.65%     94.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7133952      3.19%     97.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3649818      1.63%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       885097      0.40%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       569410      0.25%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       427267      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    223466862                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         34764     12.42%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead       119307     42.62%     55.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       125836     44.96%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    108462783     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2024145      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        15876      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11985581      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7088069      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total    129576454                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.532486                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt            279907                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002160                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    483081277                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    154045460                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    127420037                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses    129856361                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       327185                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2300516                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          840                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1243                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       149770                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         7938                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles      3507158                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles       2322043                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles       141847                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    137054134                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        49239                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13102659                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7138905                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20382                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents       100967                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1243                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1127266                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1087184                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts      2214450                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts    127659107                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11255068                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1917347                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                 120                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs           18341560                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches       17869651                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores          7086492                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.524607                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent            127422218                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count           127420037                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers        75733292                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers       198318081                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.523625                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.381878                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts     95731089                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps    117450579                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts     19604866                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        32023                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts      1952206                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    219959704                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533964                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.352949                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    171981650     78.19%     78.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     22246194     10.11%     88.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9325350      4.24%     92.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5604382      2.55%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3876207      1.76%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2509541      1.14%     97.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1298422      0.59%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1046190      0.48%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2071768      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    219959704                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts     95731089                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps    117450579                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs             17791274                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads            10802139                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars             15976                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches         16809189                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts       105886439                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls      2389547                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events      2071768                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads          354942731                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes         277618131                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled               2896050                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles              19875417                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts          95731089                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps           117450579                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total     95731089                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.541936                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.541936                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.393401                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.393401                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads      575879246                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes     176854867                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads     128145855                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes        31994                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                 52                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles              243342279                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups       20072043                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16423918                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1958525                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8240051                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7894939                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2074134                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        89344                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles    193199888                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts            112277326                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches          20072043                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches      9969073                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles            23431685                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles       5354843                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles      4572382                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines        11819887                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1960500                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples    224574779                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.613886                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.956441                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0      201143094     89.57%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1        1092660      0.49%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2        1733950      0.77%     90.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3        2349820      1.05%     91.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4        2416072      1.08%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5        2043551      0.91%     93.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6        1147107      0.51%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7        1699691      0.76%     95.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8       10948834      4.88%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total    224574779                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.082485                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.461397                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles      191232609                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles      6556252                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles        23389657                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles        25808                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles      3370452                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved      3303796                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          373                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts    137760253                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         1988                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles      3370452                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles      191757694                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles       1350953                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles      4001287                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles        22897143                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles      1197247                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts    137712888                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents          192                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents       162953                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents       522494                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands    192163892                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups    640668412                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups    640668412                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps    166589911                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps       25573981                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts        34152                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts        17777                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts         3582448                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads     12880208                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores      6986428                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads        82158                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores      1663652                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded        137549495                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        34276                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued       130609595                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17854                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15225182                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36477222                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1244                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    224574779                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581586                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.272626                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    169311333     75.39%     75.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22727357     10.12%     85.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11501161      5.12%     90.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8687304      3.87%     94.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6827907      3.04%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2758311      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1735761      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       904905      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       120740      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    224574779                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         24917     11.50%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead        79466     36.68%     48.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       112274     51.82%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    109845497     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1951824      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16374      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11831362      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6964538      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total    130609595                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.536732                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt            216657                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001659                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    486028480                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    152809485                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    128656417                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses    130826252                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       267805                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2057785                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          133                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          535                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       101483                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles      3370452                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles       1078292                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles       116674                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    137583915                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        36204                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12880208                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6986428                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        17778                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents        98798                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           15                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          535                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1139447                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1100692                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts      2240139                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts    128813512                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11134384                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1796083                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                 144                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs           18098652                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches       18302506                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores          6964268                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.529351                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent            128656641                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count           128656417                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers        73851362                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers       199002718                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.528706                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.371107                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts     97110980                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps    119494028                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18089922                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        33032                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts      1983289                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    221204327                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.540198                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.389070                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    172189450     77.84%     77.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     24293620     10.98%     88.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9176090      4.15%     92.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4376911      1.98%     94.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3687618      1.67%     96.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2114527      0.96%     97.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1849317      0.84%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       835866      0.38%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2680928      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    221204327                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts     97110980                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps    119494028                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs             17707368                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads            10822423                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars             16478                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches         17231102                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts       107662794                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls      2460639                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events      2680928                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads          356106673                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes         278538411                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled               2926295                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles              18767500                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts          97110980                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps           119494028                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total     97110980                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.505816                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.505816                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.399072                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.399072                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads      579763121                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes     179210116                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads     127717894                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes        33004                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.replacements                         305775                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tagsinuse                      32761.570662                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.total_refs                          1943449                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.sampled_refs                         338515                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.avg_refs                           5.741102                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.warmup_cycle                              0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           201.964882                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst     3.112741                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data  1005.040616                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst     3.709412                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data  1273.359937                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst     2.705357                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data  1685.060283                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst     3.438335                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data  1279.841865                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst     3.065824                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data  2680.510241                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst     3.227450                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data  2104.770336                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst     3.415544                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data  2136.513395                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst     3.269069                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data  1015.828455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst     2.980471                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data  1718.078859                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst     3.528396                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data  2149.988484                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst     3.080610                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data  1013.482248                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst     3.406727                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data  1269.766003                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst     3.104725                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data  2704.887351                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst     2.927713                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data  1679.845371                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst     2.654356                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data  1711.575483                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst     3.033522                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data  1256.081055                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu00.data           312.788861                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu01.data           317.179153                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu02.data           381.381603                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu03.data           321.161553                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu04.data           448.444925                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu05.data           412.088667                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu06.data           401.945127                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu07.data           280.244199                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu08.data           364.898292                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu09.data           416.029117                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu10.data           263.515464                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu11.data           311.553621                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu12.data           391.810344                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu13.data           388.110350                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu14.data           461.471271                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu15.data           351.692999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_percent::writebacks            0.006163                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000095                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.030671                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000113                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.038860                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000083                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.051424                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000105                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.039058                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000094                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.081803                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000098                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.064232                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000104                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.065201                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000100                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.031001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000091                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.052432                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000108                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.065612                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000094                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.030929                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000104                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.038750                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000095                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.082547                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000089                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.051265                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000081                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.052233                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000093                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.038333                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu00.data            0.009546                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu01.data            0.009680                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu02.data            0.011639                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu03.data            0.009801                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu04.data            0.013685                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu05.data            0.012576                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu06.data            0.012266                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu07.data            0.008552                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu08.data            0.011136                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu09.data            0.012696                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu10.data            0.008042                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu11.data            0.009508                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu12.data            0.011957                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu13.data            0.011844                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu14.data            0.014083                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu15.data            0.010733                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::total                 0.999804                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        24791                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        25889                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        34526                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        26020                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        47790                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        41368                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        41429                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        24464                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        34189                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        41593                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        24227                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        25776                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        47042                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        34674                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        35461                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        26267                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                  535533                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks           159464                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                159464                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          203                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          146                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data           71                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          146                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data           75                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          129                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          127                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          206                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          150                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          128                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          207                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          146                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data           69                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data           61                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          150                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          148                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  2162                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data        24994                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data        26035                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data        34597                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data        26166                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data        47865                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data        41497                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data        41556                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data        24670                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data        34339                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data        41721                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data        24434                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data        25922                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data        47111                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data        34735                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data        35611                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data        26415                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   537695                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data        24994                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data        26035                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data        34597                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data        26166                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data        47865                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data        41497                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data        41556                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data        24670                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data        34339                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data        41721                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data        24434                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data        25922                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data        47111                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data        34735                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data        35611                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data        26415                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  537695                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data        10379                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        13694                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        18457                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        13567                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data        30283                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        27853                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data        27707                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data        10690                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        19209                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data        27648                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        10966                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data        13790                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data        30930                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        18368                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        18121                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data        13332                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                305601                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data            7                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data           11                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                  29                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data        10379                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data        13694                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        18457                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data        13567                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data        30283                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data        27853                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        27708                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data        10690                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        19213                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data        27648                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data        10966                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data        13790                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data        30936                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data        18375                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        18132                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data        13332                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 305630                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data        10379                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data        13694                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        18457                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data        13567                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data        30283                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data        27853                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        27708                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data        10690                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        19213                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data        27648                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data        10966                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data        13790                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data        30936                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data        18375                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        18132                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data        13332                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                305630                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5819468                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1702425954                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6301996                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2229189594                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5052527                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2997054417                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5984457                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2215622804                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5871702                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   4926587282                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5778722                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   4565297479                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5827593                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   4538578681                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5822391                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1752210873                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5338018                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3157894957                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5822267                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   4527026805                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5880242                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1797721414                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6355325                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2245397635                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5924482                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   5033625121                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5102872                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2985469490                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5276061                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2976188749                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6262012                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2174041160                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     49916752550                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       147158                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data       629446                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       943578                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      1209489                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      1787539                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total       4717210                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5819468                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1702425954                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6301996                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2229189594                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5052527                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2997054417                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5984457                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2215622804                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5871702                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   4926587282                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5778722                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   4565297479                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5827593                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   4538725839                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5822391                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1752210873                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5338018                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3158524403                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5822267                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   4527026805                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5880242                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1797721414                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6355325                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2245397635                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5924482                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   5034568699                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5102872                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2986678979                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5276061                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2977976288                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6262012                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2174041160                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      49921469760                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5819468                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1702425954                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6301996                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2229189594                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5052527                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2997054417                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5984457                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2215622804                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5871702                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   4926587282                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5778722                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   4565297479                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5827593                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   4538725839                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5822391                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1752210873                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5338018                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3158524403                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5822267                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   4527026805                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5880242                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1797721414                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6355325                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2245397635                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5924482                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   5034568699                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5102872                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2986678979                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5276061                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2977976288                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6262012                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2174041160                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     49921469760                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        35170                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        39583                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        52983                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        39587                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        78073                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        69221                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        69136                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        35154                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        53398                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        69241                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        35193                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        39566                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        77972                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        53042                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        53582                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        39599                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total              841134                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       159464                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total            159464                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          203                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          146                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data           71                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          146                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           75                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          129                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          128                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          206                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          154                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          128                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          207                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          146                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data           75                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data           68                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          161                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          148                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              2191                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        35373                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        39729                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        53054                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        39733                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        78148                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        69350                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        69264                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        35360                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        53552                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        69369                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        35400                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        39712                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        78047                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        53110                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        53743                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        39747                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               843325                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        35373                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           44                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        39729                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        53054                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           43                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        39733                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        78148                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        69350                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        69264                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        35360                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        53552                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        69369                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        35400                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           44                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        39712                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        78047                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        53110                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        53743                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           44                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        39747                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              843325                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.295109                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.931818                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.345957                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.348357                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.930233                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.342714                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.387881                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.402378                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.400761                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.304091                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.359733                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.399301                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.311596                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.931818                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.348532                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.396681                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.346292                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.338192                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.931818                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.336675                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.363320                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.007812                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.025974                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.080000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.102941                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.068323                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.013236                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.293416                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.931818                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.344685                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.347891                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.930233                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.341454                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.387508                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.401629                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.400035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.302319                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.358773                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.398564                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.309774                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.931818                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.347250                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.396377                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.345980                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.337383                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.931818                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.335422                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.362411                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.293416                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.931818                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.344685                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.347891                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.930233                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.341454                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.387508                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.401629                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.400035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.302319                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.358773                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.398564                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.309774                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.931818                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.347250                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.396377                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.345980                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.337383                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.931818                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.335422                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.362411                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 157282.918919                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 164026.009635                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 153707.219512                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 162785.861983                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 153106.878788                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 162380.366094                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 149611.425000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 163309.707673                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 154518.473684                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 162684.915035                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 152071.631579                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 163906.849496                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 153357.710526                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 163806.210741                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 149292.076923                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 163911.213564                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 148278.277778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 164396.634755                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 153217.552632                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 163737.948676                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 150775.435897                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 163935.930512                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 155007.926829                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 162827.964830                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 151909.794872                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 162742.486938                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 150084.470588                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 162536.448715                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 150744.600000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 164239.763203                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst       152732                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 163069.393939                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 163339.624380                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       147158                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 157361.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       157263                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 172784.142857                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 162503.545455                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 162662.413793                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 157282.918919                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 164026.009635                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 153707.219512                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 162785.861983                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 153106.878788                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 162380.366094                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 149611.425000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 163309.707673                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 154518.473684                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 162684.915035                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 152071.631579                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 163906.849496                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 153357.710526                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 163805.609896                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 149292.076923                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 163911.213564                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 148278.277778                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 164395.170093                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 153217.552632                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 163737.948676                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 150775.435897                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 163935.930512                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 155007.926829                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 162827.964830                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 151909.794872                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 162741.424198                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 150084.470588                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 162540.352599                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 150744.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 164238.709905                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst       152732                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 163069.393939                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 163339.560122                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 157282.918919                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 164026.009635                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 153707.219512                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 162785.861983                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 153106.878788                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 162380.366094                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 149611.425000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 163309.707673                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 154518.473684                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 162684.915035                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 152071.631579                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 163906.849496                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 153357.710526                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 163805.609896                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 149292.076923                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 163911.213564                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 148278.277778                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 164395.170093                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 153217.552632                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 163737.948676                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 150775.435897                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 163935.930512                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 155007.926829                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 162827.964830                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 151909.794872                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 162741.424198                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 150084.470588                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 162540.352599                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 150744.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 164238.709905                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst       152732                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 163069.393939                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 163339.560122                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                85352                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     85352                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        10379                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        13694                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        18457                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        13567                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        30283                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        27853                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        27707                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        10690                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        19209                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        27648                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        10966                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        13790                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        30930                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        18368                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        18121                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        13332                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           305601                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data            7                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data           11                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total             29                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        10379                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        13694                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        18457                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        13567                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        30283                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        27853                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        27708                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        10690                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        19213                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        27648                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        10966                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        13790                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        30936                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        18375                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        18132                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        13332                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            305630                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        10379                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        13694                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        18457                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        13567                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        30283                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        27853                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        27708                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        10690                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        19213                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        27648                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        10966                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        13790                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        30936                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        18375                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        18132                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        13332                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           305630                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3667155                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1098071087                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3919770                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1431808460                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3133273                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1921907229                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3659216                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1425635152                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3658511                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3163815219                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3567839                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2943400322                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3611411                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2925141214                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3552543                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1129726730                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3242099                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2039106552                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3606242                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2917169150                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3610049                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1159162026                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3972527                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1442387925                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3652293                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3233178350                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3123116                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1915457708                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3235161                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1920858075                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3880583                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1397800755                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  32121717742                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data        88862                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data       396411                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       593064                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       801755                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      1147806                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3027898                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3667155                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1098071087                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3919770                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1431808460                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3133273                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1921907229                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3659216                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1425635152                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3658511                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3163815219                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3567839                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2943400322                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3611411                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2925230076                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3552543                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1129726730                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3242099                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2039502963                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3606242                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2917169150                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3610049                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1159162026                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3972527                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1442387925                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3652293                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3233771414                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3123116                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1916259463                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3235161                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1922005881                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3880583                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1397800755                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  32124745640                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3667155                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1098071087                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3919770                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1431808460                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3133273                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1921907229                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3659216                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1425635152                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3658511                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3163815219                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3567839                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2943400322                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3611411                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2925230076                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3552543                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1129726730                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3242099                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2039502963                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3606242                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2917169150                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3610049                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1159162026                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3972527                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1442387925                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3652293                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3233771414                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3123116                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1916259463                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3235161                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1922005881                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3880583                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1397800755                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  32124745640                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.295109                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.931818                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.345957                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.348357                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.930233                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.342714                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.387881                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.402378                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.400761                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.304091                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.359733                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.399301                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.311596                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.931818                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.348532                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.396681                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.346292                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.338192                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.931818                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.336675                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.363320                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.007812                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.025974                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.080000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.102941                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.068323                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013236                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.293416                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.931818                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.344685                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.347891                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.930233                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.341454                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.387508                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.401629                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.400035                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.302319                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.358773                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.398564                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.309774                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.931818                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.347250                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.396377                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.345980                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.337383                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.931818                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.335422                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.362411                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.293416                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.931818                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.344685                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.347891                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.930233                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.341454                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.387508                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.401629                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.400035                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.302319                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.358773                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.398564                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.309774                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.931818                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.347250                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.396377                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.345980                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.337383                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.931818                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.335422                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.362411                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 99112.297297                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 105797.387706                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 95604.146341                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 104557.357967                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 94947.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 104128.906594                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 91480.400000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 105081.090293                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 96276.605263                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 104474.960176                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 93890.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 105676.240333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 95037.131579                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 105574.086476                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 91090.846154                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 105680.704397                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 90058.305556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 106153.706700                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 94901.105263                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 105511.036965                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 92565.358974                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 105705.090826                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 96890.902439                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 104596.658811                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 93648.538462                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 104532.116069                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 91856.352941                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 104282.322953                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 92433.171429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 106001.770046                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 94648.365854                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 104845.541179                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105109.988979                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data        88862                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 99102.750000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data        98844                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 114536.428571                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       104346                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104410.275862                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 99112.297297                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 105797.387706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 95604.146341                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 104557.357967                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 94947.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 104128.906594                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 91480.400000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 105081.090293                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 96276.605263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 104474.960176                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 93890.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 105676.240333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 95037.131579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 105573.483326                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 91090.846154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 105680.704397                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 90058.305556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 106152.238745                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 94901.105263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 105511.036965                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 92565.358974                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 105705.090826                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 96890.902439                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 104596.658811                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 93648.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 104531.012865                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 91856.352941                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 104286.229279                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 92433.171429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 106000.765553                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 94648.365854                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 104845.541179                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105109.922586                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 99112.297297                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 105797.387706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 95604.146341                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 104557.357967                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 94947.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 104128.906594                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 91480.400000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 105081.090293                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 96276.605263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 104474.960176                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 93890.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 105676.240333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 95037.131579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 105573.483326                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 91090.846154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 105680.704397                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 90058.305556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 106152.238745                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 94901.105263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 105511.036965                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 92565.358974                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 105705.090826                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 96890.902439                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 104596.658811                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 93648.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 104531.012865                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 91856.352941                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 104286.229279                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 92433.171429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 106000.765553                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 94648.365854                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 104845.541179                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105109.922586                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              493.507851                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1011920613                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  494                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             2048422.293522                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    38.507851                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.061711                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.790878                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     11912513                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11912513                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     11912513                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total       11912513                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     11912513                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total      11912513                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      9055559                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9055559                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      9055559                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9055559                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      9055559                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9055559                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     11912565                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11912565                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     11912565                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total     11912565                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     11912565                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total     11912565                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 174145.365385                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 174145.365385                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 174145.365385                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 174145.365385                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 174145.365385                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 174145.365385                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6925374                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6925374                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6925374                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6925374                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6925374                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6925374                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 177573.692308                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 177573.692308                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 177573.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 177573.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 177573.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 177573.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                35373                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              163374051                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                35629                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs              4585.423419                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   233.479075                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    22.520925                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.912028                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.087972                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      9509536                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9509536                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      7062575                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7062575                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        18364                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18364                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        17181                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17181                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data     16572111                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total       16572111                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data     16572111                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total      16572111                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data        90637                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        90637                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2044                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2044                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data        92681                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total        92681                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data        92681                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total        92681                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   9732849643                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   9732849643                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    135905347                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    135905347                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   9868754990                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   9868754990                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   9868754990                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   9868754990                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      9600173                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9600173                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      7064619                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7064619                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        18364                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18364                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        17181                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17181                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     16664792                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16664792                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     16664792                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16664792                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.009441                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009441                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000289                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000289                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.005561                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005561                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.005561                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005561                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 107382.742622                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107382.742622                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 66489.895793                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66489.895793                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 106480.885942                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 106480.885942                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 106480.885942                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 106480.885942                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       156032                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             6                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 26005.333333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7708                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total            7708                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        55467                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        55467                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1841                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1841                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        57308                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        57308                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        57308                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        57308                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        35170                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        35170                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          203                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          203                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        35373                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        35373                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        35373                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        35373                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3463927869                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3463927869                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     15428736                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15428736                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3479356605                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3479356605                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3479356605                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3479356605                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.003663                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003663                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002123                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002123                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002123                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002123                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 98490.982912                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98490.982912                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 76003.625616                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76003.625616                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 98361.931558                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98361.931558                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 98361.931558                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98361.931558                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              518.121583                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs             1008729219                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1943601.578035                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    43.121583                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.069105                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.830323                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     11816748                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11816748                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     11816748                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total       11816748                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     11816748                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total      11816748                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     10428159                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     10428159                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     10428159                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     10428159                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     10428159                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     10428159                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     11816802                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11816802                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     11816802                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total     11816802                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     11816802                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total     11816802                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 193114.055556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 193114.055556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 193114.055556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 193114.055556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 193114.055556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 193114.055556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      8577976                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8577976                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      8577976                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      8577976                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      8577976                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      8577976                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst       194954                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       194954                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst       194954                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       194954                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst       194954                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       194954                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                39729                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              165642972                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                39985                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs              4142.627785                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   233.550933                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    22.449067                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.912308                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.087692                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      8133877                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8133877                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      6849419                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6849419                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        17585                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17585                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        16493                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16493                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data     14983296                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total       14983296                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data     14983296                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total      14983296                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data       127322                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       127322                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          856                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          856                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data       128178                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total       128178                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data       128178                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total       128178                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  15682119386                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  15682119386                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     74913231                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     74913231                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  15757032617                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  15757032617                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  15757032617                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  15757032617                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      8261199                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8261199                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      6850275                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6850275                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        17585                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17585                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        16493                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16493                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     15111474                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15111474                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     15111474                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15111474                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.015412                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015412                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000125                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000125                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008482                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008482                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008482                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008482                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 123168.968332                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 123168.968332                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 87515.456776                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87515.456776                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 122930.866584                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 122930.866584                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 122930.866584                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 122930.866584                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8360                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total            8360                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        87739                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        87739                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data          710                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          710                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        88449                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        88449                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        88449                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        88449                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        39583                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        39583                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          146                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          146                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        39729                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        39729                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        39729                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        39729                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   4102117309                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4102117309                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      9960594                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9960594                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   4112077903                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4112077903                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   4112077903                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4112077903                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.004791                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004791                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002629                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002629                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002629                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002629                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 103633.309982                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103633.309982                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 68223.246575                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68223.246575                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 103503.181631                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103503.181631                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 103503.181631                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103503.181631                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              558.204863                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs              928535413                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  561                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1655143.338681                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    32.187020                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst   526.017843                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.051582                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.842977                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.894559                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     11807968                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11807968                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     11807968                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total       11807968                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     11807968                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total      11807968                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6884598                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6884598                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6884598                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6884598                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6884598                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6884598                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     11808012                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11808012                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     11808012                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total     11808012                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     11808012                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total     11808012                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 156468.136364                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 156468.136364                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 156468.136364                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 156468.136364                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 156468.136364                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 156468.136364                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5493005                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5493005                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5493005                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5493005                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5493005                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5493005                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 161558.970588                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161558.970588                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 161558.970588                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161558.970588                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 161558.970588                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161558.970588                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                53054                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              223399573                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                53310                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs              4190.575370                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   201.968209                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    54.031791                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.788938                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.211062                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data     17363639                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      17363639                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      3341843                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3341843                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         7903                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7903                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         7841                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7841                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data     20705482                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total       20705482                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data     20705482                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total      20705482                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data       184343                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       184343                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          352                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          352                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data       184695                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total       184695                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data       184695                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total       184695                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  20906396431                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  20906396431                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     31248266                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     31248266                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  20937644697                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  20937644697                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  20937644697                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  20937644697                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     17547982                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     17547982                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      3342195                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3342195                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         7903                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7903                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         7841                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7841                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     20890177                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total     20890177                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     20890177                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total     20890177                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.010505                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010505                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000105                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000105                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.008841                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008841                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.008841                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008841                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 113410.308127                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 113410.308127                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 88773.482955                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 88773.482955                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 113363.354162                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 113363.354162                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 113363.354162                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 113363.354162                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6329                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total            6329                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       131360                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       131360                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          281                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          281                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       131641                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       131641                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       131641                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       131641                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        52983                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        52983                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data           71                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           71                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        53054                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        53054                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        53054                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        53054                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   5506752100                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5506752100                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      4797989                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4797989                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   5511550089                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5511550089                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   5511550089                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5511550089                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003019                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003019                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002540                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002540                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002540                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002540                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 103934.320442                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103934.320442                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 67577.309859                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67577.309859                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 103885.665341                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103885.665341                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 103885.665341                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103885.665341                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              517.123622                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs             1008730023                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1947355.256757                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    42.123622                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.067506                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.828724                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     11817552                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11817552                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     11817552                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total       11817552                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     11817552                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total      11817552                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      9574889                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9574889                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      9574889                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9574889                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      9574889                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9574889                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     11817604                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11817604                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     11817604                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total     11817604                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     11817604                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total     11817604                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 184132.480769                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 184132.480769                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 184132.480769                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 184132.480769                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 184132.480769                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 184132.480769                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      8041981                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8041981                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      8041981                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      8041981                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      8041981                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      8041981                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 187022.813953                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 187022.813953                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 187022.813953                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 187022.813953                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 187022.813953                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 187022.813953                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                39733                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              165645341                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                39989                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs              4142.272650                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   233.549954                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    22.450046                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.912305                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.087695                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      8135476                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8135476                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      6850060                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6850060                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        17712                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17712                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        16495                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16495                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data     14985536                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total       14985536                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data     14985536                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total      14985536                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data       127432                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       127432                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          856                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          856                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data       128288                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total       128288                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data       128288                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total       128288                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  15698846590                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  15698846590                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     76334364                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     76334364                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  15775180954                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  15775180954                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  15775180954                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  15775180954                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      8262908                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8262908                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      6850916                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6850916                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        17712                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17712                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        16495                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16495                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     15113824                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15113824                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     15113824                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15113824                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.015422                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015422                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000125                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000125                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008488                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008488                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008488                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008488                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 123193.911969                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 123193.911969                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 89175.658879                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89175.658879                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 122966.925620                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 122966.925620                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 122966.925620                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 122966.925620                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8362                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total            8362                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        87845                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        87845                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          710                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          710                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        88555                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        88555                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        88555                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        88555                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        39587                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        39587                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          146                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          146                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        39733                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        39733                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        39733                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        39733                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   4102367863                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4102367863                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     10203475                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10203475                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   4112571338                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4112571338                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   4112571338                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4112571338                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.004791                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004791                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002629                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002629                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002629                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002629                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 103629.167732                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103629.167732                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 69886.815068                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69886.815068                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 103505.180530                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103505.180530                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 103505.180530                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103505.180530                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              578.082282                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs             1039238656                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  582                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1785633.429553                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    36.810908                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst   541.271375                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.058992                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.867422                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.926414                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     11523335                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11523335                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     11523335                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total       11523335                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     11523335                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total      11523335                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      8016083                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8016083                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      8016083                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8016083                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      8016083                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8016083                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     11523384                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11523384                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     11523384                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total     11523384                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     11523384                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total     11523384                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 163593.530612                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 163593.530612                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 163593.530612                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 163593.530612                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 163593.530612                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 163593.530612                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6467141                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6467141                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6467141                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6467141                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6467141                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6467141                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 165824.128205                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165824.128205                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 165824.128205                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165824.128205                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 165824.128205                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165824.128205                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                78148                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              447542244                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                78404                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs              5708.155757                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   111.907245                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data   144.092755                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.437138                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.562862                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data     30234807                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      30234807                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data     16556085                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     16556085                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         8086                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8086                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         8076                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8076                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data     46790892                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total       46790892                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data     46790892                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total      46790892                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data       276797                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       276797                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          244                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          244                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data       277041                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total       277041                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data       277041                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total       277041                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  33037538840                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  33037538840                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     21033809                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     21033809                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  33058572649                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  33058572649                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  33058572649                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  33058572649                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     30511604                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     30511604                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     16556329                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     16556329                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         8086                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8086                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         8076                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8076                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     47067933                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total     47067933                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     47067933                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total     47067933                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.009072                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009072                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.005886                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005886                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.005886                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005886                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 119356.563980                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 119356.563980                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 86204.135246                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86204.135246                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 119327.365440                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 119327.365440                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 119327.365440                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 119327.365440                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        14507                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total           14507                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data       198724                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       198724                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data          169                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          169                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data       198893                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       198893                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data       198893                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       198893                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        78073                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        78073                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data           75                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           75                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        78148                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        78148                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        78148                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        78148                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   8575876031                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8575876031                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      5277340                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5277340                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   8581153371                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8581153371                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   8581153371                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8581153371                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002559                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002559                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.001660                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001660                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.001660                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001660                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 109844.325580                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109844.325580                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 70364.533333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70364.533333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 109806.436134                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109806.436134                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 109806.436134                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109806.436134                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              527.700852                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs             1014436166                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  529                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1917648.706994                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    37.700852                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.060418                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.845674                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     11768485                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11768485                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     11768485                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total       11768485                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     11768485                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total      11768485                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      7957731                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7957731                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      7957731                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7957731                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      7957731                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7957731                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     11768536                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11768536                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     11768536                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total     11768536                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     11768536                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total     11768536                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 156033.941176                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 156033.941176                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 156033.941176                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 156033.941176                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 156033.941176                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 156033.941176                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6369203                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6369203                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6369203                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6369203                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6369203                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6369203                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 163312.897436                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163312.897436                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 163312.897436                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163312.897436                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 163312.897436                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163312.897436                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                69350                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              180348157                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                69606                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs              2590.985791                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   234.144689                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    21.855311                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.914628                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.085372                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      8164299                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8164299                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      6763713                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6763713                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        18957                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18957                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        15780                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15780                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data     14928012                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total       14928012                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data     14928012                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total      14928012                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data       176246                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       176246                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          783                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          783                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data       177029                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total       177029                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data       177029                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total       177029                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  21554561700                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  21554561700                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     67338979                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     67338979                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  21621900679                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  21621900679                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  21621900679                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  21621900679                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      8340545                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8340545                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      6764496                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6764496                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        18957                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18957                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        15780                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15780                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     15105041                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15105041                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     15105041                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15105041                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.021131                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021131                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000116                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.011720                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011720                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.011720                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011720                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 122298.161093                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 122298.161093                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 86001.250319                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86001.250319                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 122137.619706                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 122137.619706                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 122137.619706                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 122137.619706                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8352                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total            8352                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       107025                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       107025                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data          654                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          654                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       107679                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       107679                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       107679                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       107679                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        69221                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        69221                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          129                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          129                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        69350                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        69350                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        69350                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        69350                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   7630991962                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7630991962                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      8683597                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8683597                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   7639675559                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7639675559                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   7639675559                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7639675559                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008299                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008299                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.004591                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004591                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.004591                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004591                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 110240.995681                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110240.995681                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 67314.705426                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67314.705426                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 110161.147210                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110161.147210                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 110161.147210                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110161.147210                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              527.640536                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs             1014436053                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  529                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1917648.493384                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    37.640536                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.060321                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.845578                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     11768372                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11768372                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     11768372                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total       11768372                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     11768372                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total      11768372                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      8300765                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8300765                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      8300765                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8300765                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      8300765                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8300765                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     11768424                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11768424                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     11768424                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total     11768424                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     11768424                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total     11768424                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 159630.096154                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 159630.096154                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 159630.096154                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 159630.096154                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 159630.096154                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 159630.096154                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6480135                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6480135                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6480135                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6480135                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6480135                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6480135                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 166157.307692                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166157.307692                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 166157.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166157.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 166157.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166157.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                69264                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              180351929                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                69520                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs              2594.245239                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   234.129158                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    21.870842                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.914567                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.085433                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      8166600                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8166600                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      6765088                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6765088                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        19049                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19049                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        15784                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15784                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data     14931688                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total       14931688                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data     14931688                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total      14931688                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data       175937                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       175937                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          775                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          775                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data       176712                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total       176712                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data       176712                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total       176712                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  21518028288                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  21518028288                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     67307019                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     67307019                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  21585335307                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  21585335307                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  21585335307                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  21585335307                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      8342537                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8342537                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      6765863                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6765863                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        19049                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19049                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        15784                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15784                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     15108400                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15108400                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     15108400                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15108400                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.021089                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021089                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000115                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.011696                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011696                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.011696                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011696                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 122305.304103                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 122305.304103                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 86847.766452                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86847.766452                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 122149.799148                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 122149.799148                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 122149.799148                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 122149.799148                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8482                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total            8482                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       106801                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       106801                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data          647                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          647                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       107448                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       107448                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       107448                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       107448                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        69136                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        69136                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          128                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          128                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        69264                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        69264                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        69264                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        69264                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   7609694405                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7609694405                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      8644606                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8644606                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   7618339011                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7618339011                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   7618339011                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7618339011                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008287                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008287                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.004584                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004584                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.004584                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004584                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 110068.479591                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110068.479591                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 67535.984375                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67535.984375                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 109989.879461                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109989.879461                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 109989.879461                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109989.879461                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              495.539538                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs             1011916866                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             2040154.971774                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    40.539538                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.064967                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.794134                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     11908766                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11908766                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     11908766                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total       11908766                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     11908766                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total      11908766                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      8874344                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8874344                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      8874344                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8874344                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      8874344                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8874344                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     11908821                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11908821                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     11908821                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total     11908821                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     11908821                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total     11908821                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 161351.709091                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 161351.709091                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 161351.709091                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 161351.709091                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 161351.709091                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 161351.709091                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6878333                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6878333                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6878333                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6878333                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6878333                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6878333                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 167764.219512                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167764.219512                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 167764.219512                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167764.219512                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 167764.219512                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167764.219512                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                35360                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              163361403                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                35616                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs              4586.741998                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   233.476336                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    22.523664                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.912017                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.087983                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      9499158                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9499158                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      7060209                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7060209                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        18466                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18466                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        17175                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17175                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data     16559367                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total       16559367                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data     16559367                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total      16559367                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data        90664                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        90664                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2065                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2065                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data        92729                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total        92729                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data        92729                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total        92729                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   9787044787                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   9787044787                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    139335906                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    139335906                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   9926380693                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   9926380693                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   9926380693                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   9926380693                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      9589822                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9589822                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      7062274                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7062274                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        18466                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18466                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        17175                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17175                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     16652096                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16652096                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     16652096                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16652096                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.009454                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009454                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000292                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000292                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.005569                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005569                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.005569                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005569                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 107948.521872                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107948.521872                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 67475.015012                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67475.015012                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 107047.209535                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 107047.209535                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 107047.209535                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 107047.209535                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets        13337                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             5                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets  2667.400000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7659                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total            7659                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        55510                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        55510                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1859                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1859                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        57369                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        57369                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        57369                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        57369                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        35154                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        35154                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          206                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          206                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        35360                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        35360                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        35360                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        35360                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3494264960                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3494264960                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     15870009                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15870009                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3510134969                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3510134969                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3510134969                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3510134969                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.003666                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003666                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002123                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002123                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002123                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002123                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 99398.787051                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99398.787051                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 77038.878641                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77038.878641                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 99268.522879                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99268.522879                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 99268.522879                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99268.522879                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              517.971546                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs             1009849412                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1945759.946050                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    35.971546                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.057647                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.830083                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     11629667                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11629667                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     11629667                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total       11629667                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     11629667                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total      11629667                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6833587                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6833587                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6833587                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6833587                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6833587                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6833587                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     11629710                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11629710                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     11629710                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total     11629710                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     11629710                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total     11629710                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 158920.627907                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 158920.627907                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 158920.627907                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 158920.627907                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 158920.627907                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 158920.627907                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5977766                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5977766                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5977766                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5977766                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5977766                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5977766                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 161561.243243                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161561.243243                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 161561.243243                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161561.243243                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 161561.243243                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161561.243243                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                53552                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              171688779                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                53808                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs              3190.766782                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   233.603433                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    22.396567                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.912513                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.087487                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      8205755                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8205755                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      6943492                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6943492                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        17177                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17177                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        15977                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15977                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data     15149247                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total       15149247                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data     15149247                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total      15149247                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data       183635                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       183635                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3703                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3703                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data       187338                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total       187338                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data       187338                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total       187338                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  23972937335                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  23972937335                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    462449955                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    462449955                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  24435387290                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  24435387290                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  24435387290                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  24435387290                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      8389390                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8389390                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      6947195                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6947195                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        17177                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17177                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        15977                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15977                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     15336585                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15336585                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     15336585                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15336585                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.021889                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021889                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000533                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000533                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.012215                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012215                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.012215                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012215                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 130546.667765                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 130546.667765                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 124885.216041                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 124885.216041                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 130434.761180                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 130434.761180                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 130434.761180                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 130434.761180                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        17927                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total           17927                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       130237                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       130237                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         3549                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         3549                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       133786                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       133786                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       133786                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       133786                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        53398                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        53398                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          154                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          154                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        53552                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        53552                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        53552                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        53552                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   5658352425                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5658352425                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     10606240                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10606240                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   5668958665                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5668958665                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   5668958665                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5668958665                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.006365                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006365                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.003492                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003492                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.003492                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003492                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 105965.624649                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105965.624649                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 68871.688312                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68871.688312                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 105858.953260                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105858.953260                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 105858.953260                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105858.953260                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              527.885253                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs             1014438088                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  529                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1917652.340265                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    37.885253                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.060714                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.845970                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     11770407                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11770407                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     11770407                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total       11770407                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     11770407                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total      11770407                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      7925083                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7925083                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      7925083                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7925083                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      7925083                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7925083                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     11770457                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11770457                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     11770457                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total     11770457                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     11770457                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total     11770457                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 158501.660000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 158501.660000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 158501.660000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 158501.660000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 158501.660000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 158501.660000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6359470                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6359470                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6359470                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6359470                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6359470                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6359470                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 163063.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163063.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 163063.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163063.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 163063.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163063.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                69369                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              180355692                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                69625                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs              2590.386959                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   234.129585                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    21.870415                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.914569                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.085431                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      8168716                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8168716                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      6766779                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6766779                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        19001                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19001                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        15788                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15788                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data     14935495                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total       14935495                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data     14935495                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total      14935495                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data       176233                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       176233                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          775                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          775                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data       177008                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total       177008                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data       177008                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total       177008                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  21486278170                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  21486278170                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     66598611                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     66598611                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  21552876781                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  21552876781                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  21552876781                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  21552876781                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      8344949                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8344949                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      6767554                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6767554                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        19001                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19001                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        15788                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15788                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     15112503                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15112503                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     15112503                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15112503                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.021119                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021119                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000115                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.011713                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011713                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.011713                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011713                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 121919.720881                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121919.720881                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 85933.691613                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85933.691613                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 121762.162055                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 121762.162055                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 121762.162055                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 121762.162055                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8569                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total            8569                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       106992                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       106992                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data          647                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          647                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       107639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       107639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       107639                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       107639                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        69241                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        69241                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          128                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          128                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        69369                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        69369                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        69369                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        69369                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   7604447230                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7604447230                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      8542274                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8542274                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   7612989504                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7612989504                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   7612989504                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7612989504                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.008297                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008297                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.004590                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004590                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.004590                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004590                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 109825.785734                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109825.785734                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 66736.515625                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66736.515625                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 109746.277213                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109746.277213                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 109746.277213                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109746.277213                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              495.108207                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs             1011913066                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             2040147.310484                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    40.108207                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.064276                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.793443                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     11904966                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11904966                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     11904966                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total       11904966                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     11904966                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total      11904966                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      9035880                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9035880                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      9035880                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9035880                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      9035880                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9035880                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     11905020                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11905020                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     11905020                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total     11905020                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     11905020                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total     11905020                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 167331.111111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 167331.111111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 167331.111111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 167331.111111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 167331.111111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 167331.111111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6961274                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6961274                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6961274                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6961274                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6961274                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6961274                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 169787.170732                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169787.170732                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 169787.170732                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169787.170732                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 169787.170732                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169787.170732                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                35400                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              163362823                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                35656                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs              4581.636274                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   233.479532                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    22.520468                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.912029                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.087971                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      9502323                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9502323                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      7058646                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7058646                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        18288                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18288                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        17171                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17171                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data     16560969                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total       16560969                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data     16560969                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total      16560969                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        90764                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        90764                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2095                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2095                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data        92859                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total        92859                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data        92859                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total        92859                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   9831490034                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   9831490034                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    138535159                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    138535159                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   9970025193                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   9970025193                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   9970025193                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   9970025193                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      9593087                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9593087                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      7060741                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7060741                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        18288                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18288                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        17171                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17171                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     16653828                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16653828                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     16653828                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16653828                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.009461                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009461                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000297                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000297                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.005576                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005576                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.005576                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005576                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 108319.267926                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108319.267926                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 66126.567542                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66126.567542                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 107367.354731                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 107367.354731                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 107367.354731                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 107367.354731                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       215618                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             5                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 43123.600000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7668                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total            7668                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        55571                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        55571                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1888                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1888                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        57459                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        57459                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        57459                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        57459                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        35193                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        35193                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          207                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          207                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        35400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        35400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        35400                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        35400                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   3525961920                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3525961920                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     15521497                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15521497                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   3541483417                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3541483417                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   3541483417                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3541483417                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.003669                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003669                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002126                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002126                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002126                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002126                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 100189.296735                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100189.296735                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 74983.077295                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74983.077295                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 100041.904435                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100041.904435                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 100041.904435                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100041.904435                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              518.043301                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs             1008729467                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1943602.055877                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    43.043301                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.068980                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.830198                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     11816996                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11816996                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     11816996                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total       11816996                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     11816996                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total      11816996                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     10218012                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     10218012                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     10218012                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     10218012                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     10218012                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     10218012                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     11817049                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11817049                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     11817049                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total     11817049                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     11817049                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total     11817049                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 192792.679245                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 192792.679245                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 192792.679245                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 192792.679245                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 192792.679245                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 192792.679245                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      8489564                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8489564                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      8489564                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      8489564                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      8489564                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      8489564                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 192944.636364                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 192944.636364                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 192944.636364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 192944.636364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 192944.636364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 192944.636364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                39712                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              165639500                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                39968                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs              4144.302942                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   233.550459                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data    22.449541                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.912306                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.087694                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      8132697                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8132697                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      6846925                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6846925                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        17792                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17792                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        16488                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16488                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data     14979622                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total       14979622                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data     14979622                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total      14979622                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data       127077                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       127077                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          853                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          853                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data       127930                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total       127930                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data       127930                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total       127930                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  15717591856                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  15717591856                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     74986123                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     74986123                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  15792577979                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  15792577979                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  15792577979                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  15792577979                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      8259774                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8259774                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      6847778                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6847778                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        17792                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17792                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        16488                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16488                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     15107552                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15107552                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     15107552                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15107552                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.015385                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015385                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000125                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000125                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008468                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008468                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008468                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008468                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 123685.575328                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 123685.575328                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 87908.702227                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87908.702227                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 123447.025553                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 123447.025553                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 123447.025553                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 123447.025553                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8357                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total            8357                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        87511                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        87511                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data          707                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          707                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        88218                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        88218                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        88218                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        88218                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        39566                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        39566                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          146                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          146                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        39712                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        39712                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        39712                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        39712                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   4115360967                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4115360967                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      9971674                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9971674                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   4125332641                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4125332641                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   4125332641                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4125332641                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.004790                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004790                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002629                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002629                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002629                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002629                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 104012.560456                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104012.560456                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 68299.136986                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68299.136986                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 103881.261105                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103881.261105                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 103881.261105                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103881.261105                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              578.844060                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs             1039230983                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  583                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1782557.432247                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    37.412856                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst   541.431204                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.059956                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.867678                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.927635                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     11515662                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11515662                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     11515662                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total       11515662                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     11515662                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total      11515662                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      8144418                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8144418                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      8144418                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8144418                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      8144418                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8144418                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     11515714                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11515714                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     11515714                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total     11515714                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     11515714                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total     11515714                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 156623.423077                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 156623.423077                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 156623.423077                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 156623.423077                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 156623.423077                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 156623.423077                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6493322                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6493322                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6493322                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6493322                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6493322                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6493322                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 162333.050000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162333.050000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 162333.050000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162333.050000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 162333.050000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162333.050000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                78047                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              447502139                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                78303                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs              5715.006309                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   111.907228                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data   144.092772                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.437138                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.562862                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data     30208955                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      30208955                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data     16541844                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     16541844                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         8080                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8080                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         8070                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8070                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data     46750799                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total       46750799                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data     46750799                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total      46750799                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data       276304                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       276304                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          249                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          249                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data       276553                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total       276553                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data       276553                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total       276553                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  33167187545                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  33167187545                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     23549825                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     23549825                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  33190737370                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  33190737370                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  33190737370                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  33190737370                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     30485259                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     30485259                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     16542093                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     16542093                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         8080                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8080                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         8070                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8070                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     47027352                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total     47027352                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     47027352                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total     47027352                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.009064                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009064                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.005881                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005881                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.005881                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005881                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 120038.752769                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120038.752769                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 94577.610442                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94577.610442                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 120015.828322                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 120015.828322                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 120015.828322                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 120015.828322                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        13947                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total           13947                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       198332                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       198332                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          174                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          174                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       198506                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       198506                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       198506                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       198506                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        77972                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        77972                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data           75                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           75                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        78047                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        78047                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        78047                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        78047                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   8636809061                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8636809061                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      5890149                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5890149                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   8642699210                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8642699210                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   8642699210                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8642699210                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002558                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002558                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.001660                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001660                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.001660                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001660                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 110768.084197                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110768.084197                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 78535.320000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78535.320000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 110737.109818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110737.109818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 110737.109818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110737.109818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              558.996906                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs              928536466                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  562                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1652200.117438                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    33.920733                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst   525.076173                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.054360                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.841468                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.895828                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     11809021                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11809021                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     11809021                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total       11809021                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     11809021                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total      11809021                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6589033                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6589033                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6589033                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6589033                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6589033                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6589033                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     11809064                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11809064                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     11809064                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total     11809064                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     11809064                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total     11809064                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 153233.325581                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 153233.325581                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 153233.325581                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 153233.325581                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 153233.325581                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 153233.325581                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5549573                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5549573                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5549573                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5549573                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5549573                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5549573                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 158559.228571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158559.228571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 158559.228571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158559.228571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 158559.228571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158559.228571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                53110                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              223409440                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                53366                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs              4186.362853                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   202.800707                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    53.199293                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.792190                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.207810                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data     17373485                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      17373485                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      3341872                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3341872                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         7894                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7894                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         7842                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7842                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data     20715357                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total       20715357                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data     20715357                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total      20715357                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data       184376                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       184376                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          333                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          333                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data       184709                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total       184709                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data       184709                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total       184709                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  20841188503                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  20841188503                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     35082257                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     35082257                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  20876270760                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  20876270760                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  20876270760                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  20876270760                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     17557861                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     17557861                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      3342205                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3342205                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         7894                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7894                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         7842                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7842                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     20900066                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total     20900066                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     20900066                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total     20900066                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.010501                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010501                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000100                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000100                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008838                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008838                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008838                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008838                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 113036.341514                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 113036.341514                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 105352.123123                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 105352.123123                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 113022.488130                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 113022.488130                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 113022.488130                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 113022.488130                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         5957                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total            5957                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       131334                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       131334                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          265                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          265                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       131599                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       131599                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       131599                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       131599                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        53042                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        53042                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data           68                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           68                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        53110                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        53110                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        53110                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        53110                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   5502887388                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5502887388                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      5259037                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5259037                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   5508146425                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5508146425                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   5508146425                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5508146425                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.003021                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003021                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002541                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002541                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002541                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002541                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 103745.850232                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103745.850232                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 77338.779412                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77338.779412                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 103712.039635                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103712.039635                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 103712.039635                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103712.039635                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              517.244119                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs             1009864091                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1949544.577220                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    35.244119                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.056481                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.828917                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     11644346                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11644346                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     11644346                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total       11644346                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     11644346                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total      11644346                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6902979                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6902979                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6902979                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6902979                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6902979                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6902979                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     11644389                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11644389                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     11644389                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total     11644389                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     11644389                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total     11644389                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 160534.395349                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 160534.395349                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 160534.395349                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 160534.395349                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 160534.395349                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 160534.395349                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5898917                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5898917                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5898917                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5898917                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5898917                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5898917                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 163858.805556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163858.805556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 163858.805556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163858.805556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 163858.805556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163858.805556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                53743                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              171705694                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                53999                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs              3179.793959                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   233.597130                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    22.402870                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.912489                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.087511                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      8214806                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8214806                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      6951150                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6951150                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        17363                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17363                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        15997                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15997                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data     15165956                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total       15165956                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data     15165956                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total      15165956                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data       184270                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       184270                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         3728                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3728                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data       187998                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total       187998                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data       187998                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total       187998                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  23833107774                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  23833107774                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    474815108                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    474815108                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  24307922882                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  24307922882                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  24307922882                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  24307922882                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      8399076                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8399076                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      6954878                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6954878                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        17363                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17363                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        15997                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15997                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     15353954                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15353954                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     15353954                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15353954                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.021939                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021939                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000536                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000536                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.012244                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012244                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.012244                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012244                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 129337.970228                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 129337.970228                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 127364.567597                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 127364.567597                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 129298.837658                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 129298.837658                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 129298.837658                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 129298.837658                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        18913                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total           18913                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       130688                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       130688                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         3567                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         3567                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       134255                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       134255                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       134255                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       134255                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        53582                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        53582                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          161                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          161                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        53743                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        53743                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        53743                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        53743                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   5549666456                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5549666456                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     11815785                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11815785                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   5561482241                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5561482241                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   5561482241                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5561482241                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.006380                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006380                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.003500                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003500                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.003500                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003500                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 103573.335374                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103573.335374                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 73389.968944                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73389.968944                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 103482.913886                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103482.913886                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 103482.913886                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103482.913886                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              518.218993                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs             1008732301                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1943607.516378                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    43.218993                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.069261                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.830479                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     11819830                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11819830                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     11819830                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total       11819830                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     11819830                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total      11819830                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     10699686                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     10699686                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     10699686                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     10699686                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     10699686                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     10699686                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     11819887                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11819887                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     11819887                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total     11819887                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     11819887                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total     11819887                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 187713.789474                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 187713.789474                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 187713.789474                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 187713.789474                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 187713.789474                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 187713.789474                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      8675229                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8675229                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      8675229                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      8675229                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      8675229                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      8675229                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 197164.295455                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 197164.295455                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 197164.295455                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 197164.295455                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 197164.295455                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 197164.295455                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                39747                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              165651806                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                40003                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs              4140.984576                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   233.550742                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    22.449258                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.912308                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.087692                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      8139676                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8139676                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      6852367                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6852367                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        17663                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17663                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        16502                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16502                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data     14992043                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total       14992043                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data     14992043                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total      14992043                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data       127300                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       127300                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          872                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          872                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data       128172                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total       128172                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data       128172                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total       128172                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  15606573935                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  15606573935                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     76684489                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     76684489                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  15683258424                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  15683258424                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  15683258424                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  15683258424                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      8266976                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8266976                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      6853239                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6853239                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        17663                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17663                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        16502                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16502                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     15120215                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15120215                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     15120215                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15120215                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.015399                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015399                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000127                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008477                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008477                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008477                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008477                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 122596.810173                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 122596.810173                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 87940.927752                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87940.927752                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 122361.033798                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 122361.033798                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 122361.033798                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 122361.033798                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8367                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total            8367                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        87701                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        87701                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          724                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          724                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        88425                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        88425                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        88425                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        88425                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        39599                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        39599                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          148                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          148                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        39747                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        39747                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        39747                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        39747                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   4074426814                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4074426814                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     10140724                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10140724                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   4084567538                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4084567538                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   4084567538                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4084567538                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.004790                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004790                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002629                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002629                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002629                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002629                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 102892.164297                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102892.164297                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 68518.405405                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68518.405405                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 102764.171837                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102764.171837                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 102764.171837                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102764.171837                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
