
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.012373                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 12373142268                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               537200735805                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 367706                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   473558                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                 288099                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67766328                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 42947.49                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 15792040156                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   20338107972                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data       424448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data       121088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         3712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data       270080                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data       454912                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data       454912                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         3840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data       269824                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data       269056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data       427392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data       120832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data       454016                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         3840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data       269696                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data       165120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data       256128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data       121216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         3584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data       269184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data       120960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total              4537344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         3712                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         3840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4096                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         3840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         3584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           68480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      1050112                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           1050112                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data         3316                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data          946                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           29                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data         2110                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data         3554                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           33                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data         3554                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           30                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data         2108                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           32                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data         2102                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data         3339                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data          944                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data         3547                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           30                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data         2107                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data         1290                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data         2001                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data          947                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           28                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data         2103                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data          945                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 35448                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            8204                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 8204                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst       351730                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     34303978                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst       351730                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data      9786358                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst       300005                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     21827923                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst       372420                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     36766085                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst       341385                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     36766085                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst       310350                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     21807233                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst       331040                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     21745163                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst       351730                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     34541913                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst       372420                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data      9765668                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst       362075                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     36693670                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst       310350                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     21796888                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst       413799                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     13345034                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst       372420                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     20700320                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst       351730                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data      9796703                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst       289660                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     21755508                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst       351730                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data      9776013                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               366709111                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst       351730                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst       351730                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst       300005                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst       372420                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst       341385                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst       310350                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst       331040                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst       351730                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst       372420                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst       362075                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst       310350                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst       413799                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst       372420                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst       351730                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst       289660                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst       351730                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            5534568                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks          84870276                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total               84870276                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks          84870276                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst       351730                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     34303978                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst       351730                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data      9786358                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst       300005                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     21827923                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst       372420                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     36766085                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst       341385                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     36766085                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst       310350                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     21807233                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst       331040                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     21745163                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst       351730                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     34541913                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst       372420                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data      9765668                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst       362075                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     36693670                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst       310350                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     21796888                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst       413799                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     13345034                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst       372420                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     20700320                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst       351730                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data      9796703                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst       289660                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     21755508                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst       351730                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data      9776013                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              451579387                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles               29671805                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups        2080485                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1701232                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       205123                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       850621                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits         816545                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS         213420                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9101                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20176150                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts             11810643                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches           2080485                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches      1029965                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles             2472148                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles        598907                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles       980838                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines         1242715                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes       206178                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples     24018415                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.600710                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.945612                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0       21546267     89.71%     89.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1         133524      0.56%     90.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2         210983      0.88%     91.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3         336437      1.40%     92.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4         139210      0.58%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5         155928      0.65%     93.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6         166470      0.69%     94.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7         108764      0.45%     94.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8        1220832      5.08%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total     24018415                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.070117                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.398043                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles       19981117                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles      1177728                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles         2464188                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles         6375                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles       389004                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved       341044                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          276                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts     14416432                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         1618                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles       389004                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles       20012526                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles        260604                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles       825312                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles         2439642                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles        91322                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts     14406460                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents         2920                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents        24932                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents        34159                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.FullRegisterEvents         5543                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands     20000173                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups     67010270                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups     67010270                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps     17023993                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps        2976158                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts         3712                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2060                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts          273976                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads      1373186                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores       737804                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads        22242                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores       168917                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded         14386310                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3723                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued        13601757                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17663                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1843718                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4134859                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          404                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     24018415                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.566305                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.259944                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18282564     76.12%     76.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2302822      9.59%     85.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1258189      5.24%     90.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       858593      3.57%     94.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       803240      3.34%     97.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       229388      0.96%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       180506      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        61062      0.25%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        42051      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     24018415                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3177     12.69%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead         9589     38.29%     50.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12278     49.03%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11394115     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       215284      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1646      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1257515      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       733197      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total     13601757                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.458407                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt             25044                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001841                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     51264635                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16233902                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13380615                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses     13626801                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        41906                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       249627                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           37                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          156                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        23587                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          863                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles       389004                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles        168674                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12632                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14390056                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          935                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1373186                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       737804                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2065                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9446                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          156                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       118661                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       118067                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts       236728                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13406277                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1182629                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       195479                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                  23                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs            1915516                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches        1886609                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores           732887                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.451819                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent             13380810                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count            13380615                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers         7824007                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers        20436981                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.450954                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.382836                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10000000                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps     12257191                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2132918                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3319                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts       209243                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23629411                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.518726                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.370571                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18652398     78.94%     78.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2411212     10.20%     89.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       938521      3.97%     93.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       505979      2.14%     95.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       377329      1.60%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       210594      0.89%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       131198      0.56%     98.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       115914      0.49%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       286266      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23629411                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts     10000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps     12257191                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs              1837776                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads             1123559                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars              1656                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches          1759628                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts        11044453                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls       248995                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events       286266                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads           37733189                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes          29169275                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                329241                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles               5653390                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts          10000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps            12257191                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total     10000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.967180                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.967180                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.337020                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.337020                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads       60452600                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes      18547943                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads      13449279                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes         3316                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles               29671805                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups        2576536                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted      2145387                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       235932                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       977622                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits         939843                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS         277184                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        10967                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles     22412746                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts             14136829                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches           2576536                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches      1217027                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles             2945079                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles        658264                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles      1994479                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.MiscStallCycles         5044                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           86                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines         1393545                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes       225516                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples     27777621                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.625593                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.989128                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0       24832542     89.40%     89.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1         180181      0.65%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2         225569      0.81%     90.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3         362589      1.31%     92.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4         152151      0.55%     92.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5         195225      0.70%     93.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6         227884      0.82%     94.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7         105487      0.38%     94.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8        1495993      5.39%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total     27777621                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.086834                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.476440                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles       22286140                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles      2139091                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles         2931048                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles         1441                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles       419900                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved       391797                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          287                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts     17281813                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         1663                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles       419900                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles       22309191                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles         71586                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles      2004027                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles         2909414                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles        63495                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts     17175240                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents           21                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents         9046                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents        44193                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands     23986113                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups     79867034                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups     79867034                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps     20037333                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps        3948717                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts         4121                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2134                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts          223217                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads      1610893                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores       840632                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads         9288                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores       190023                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded         16768940                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         4133                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued        16076895                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        16944                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2057311                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4202426                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          128                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     27777621                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578771                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.302939                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     20968065     75.49%     75.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      3103689     11.17%     86.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1269621      4.57%     91.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       712848      2.57%     93.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       964107      3.47%     97.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       298258      1.07%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       291922      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       156718      0.56%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        12393      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     27777621                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        110824     78.94%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead        15203     10.83%     89.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        14365     10.23%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     13542792     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       219740      1.37%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1987      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1474476      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       837900      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total     16076895                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.541824                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt            140392                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008733                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     60088747                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     18830489                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     15655682                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses     16217287                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        11755                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       308567                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            7                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          107                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12920                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles       419900                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles         54834                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6910                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     16773079                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        12745                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1610893                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       840632                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2133                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents         6041                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            6                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          107                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       139058                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       132915                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts       271973                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts     15795492                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1449238                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       281403                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs            2287007                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches        2232389                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores           837769                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.532340                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent             15655772                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count            15655682                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers         9380392                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers        25205501                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.527628                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.372157                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11657153                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps     14364385                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2408687                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         4004                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts       237719                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     27357721                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525058                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.343681                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     21277385     77.77%     77.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      3081414     11.26%     89.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1119333      4.09%     93.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       556977      2.04%     95.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       510115      1.86%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       214138      0.78%     97.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       211910      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       100828      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       285621      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     27357721                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts     11657153                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps     14364385                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs              2130011                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads             1302311                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars              1998                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches          2081911                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts        12932825                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls       296648                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events       285621                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads           43845094                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes          33966132                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                342069                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles               1894184                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts          11657153                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps            14364385                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total     11657153                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.545373                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.545373                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.392870                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.392870                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads       71069059                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes      21877251                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads      15979712                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes         4000                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles               29671804                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups        2020430                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1808619                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       162540                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1366284                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1333552                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS         118113                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4818                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles     21435241                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts             11489008                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches           2020430                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches      1451665                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles             2560451                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles        536804                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles       885092                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           25                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines         1298443                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes       159224                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples     25254184                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.508211                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.740857                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0       22693733     89.86%     89.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1         394747      1.56%     91.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2         193348      0.77%     92.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3         390655      1.55%     93.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4         120034      0.48%     94.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5         363500      1.44%     95.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6          55834      0.22%     95.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7          90262      0.36%     96.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8         952071      3.77%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total     25254184                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.068093                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.387203                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles       21252028                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles      1073581                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles         2555240                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles         2009                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles       371322                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved       185718                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred         2054                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts     12811112                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         4843                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles       371322                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles       21273458                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles        729850                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles       276328                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles         2533566                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles        69656                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts     12790846                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents           26                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents         9750                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents        52568                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands     16718499                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups     57911075                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups     57911075                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps     13497304                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps        3221195                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts         1677                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts          855                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts          165536                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads      2348012                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores       365392                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3144                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores        82094                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded         12724137                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1681                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued        11895194                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7903                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2343664                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4819546                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           21                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     25254184                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.471019                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.083313                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     20042261     79.36%     79.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1616922      6.40%     85.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1771666      7.02%     92.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      1014596      4.02%     96.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       519986      2.06%     98.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       130829      0.52%     99.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       151338      0.60%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3653      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2933      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     25254184                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         19435     56.96%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8130     23.83%     80.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         6554     19.21%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      9302036     78.20%     78.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        90830      0.76%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          823      0.01%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2139789     17.99%     96.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       361716      3.04%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total     11895194                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.400892                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt             34119                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002868                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     49086594                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15069519                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11589442                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses     11929313                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         9354                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       488563                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            7                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           40                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9599                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles       371322                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles        654345                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles         8521                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12725831                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1072                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2348012                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       365392                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          852                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4311                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          253                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           40                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       109284                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        62616                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts       171900                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11746915                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2109938                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       148279                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                  13                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs            2471605                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches        1788588                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores           361667                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.395895                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent             11592740                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count            11589442                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers         7020868                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers        15144995                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.390588                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.463577                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9234051                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps     10364857                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2361474                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1660                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts       161345                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     24882862                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.416546                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.284067                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     21039282     84.55%     84.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1498477      6.02%     90.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       972678      3.91%     94.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       306393      1.23%     95.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       513109      2.06%     97.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        97763      0.39%     98.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        62258      0.25%     98.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        56170      0.23%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       336732      1.35%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     24882862                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts      9234051                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps     10364857                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs              2215242                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads             1859449                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars               828                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches          1592832                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts         9049111                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls       126709                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events       336732                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads           37272422                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes          25824274                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                485558                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles               4417620                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts           9234051                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps            10364857                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total      9234051                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     3.213303                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               3.213303                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.311206                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.311206                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads       54658646                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes      15064700                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads      13663899                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes         1658                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles               29671805                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups        2035909                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1836660                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       108291                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       767610                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits         725177                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS         111771                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4747                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles     21573576                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts             12790052                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches           2035909                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches       836948                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles             2528811                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles        342800                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles      2772110                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines         1239310                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes       108575                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples     27106323                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.553626                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.857095                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0       24577512     90.67%     90.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1          89935      0.33%     91.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2         185084      0.68%     91.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3          77741      0.29%     91.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4         418761      1.54%     93.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5         375330      1.38%     94.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6          71290      0.26%     95.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7         151350      0.56%     95.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8        1159320      4.28%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total     27106323                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.068614                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.431051                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles       21350169                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles      2997196                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles         2519268                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles         8108                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles       231579                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved       178942                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          247                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts     14997042                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         1503                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles       231579                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles       21378980                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles       2771146                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles       127761                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles         2501781                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles        95073                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts     14988100                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents           34                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents        47722                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents        32415                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.FullRegisterEvents         1720                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands     17604694                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups     70578346                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups     70578346                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps     15570987                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps        2033695                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts         1749                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts          891                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts          222635                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads      3534116                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores      1785267                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads        16650                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores        87669                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded         14956852                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1754                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued        14359490                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         8762                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1184523                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2863996                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           23                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     27106323                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.529747                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.320347                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     21949741     80.98%     80.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1571274      5.80%     86.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1277098      4.71%     91.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       551444      2.03%     93.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       688181      2.54%     96.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       650695      2.40%     98.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       370165      1.37%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        29301      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        18424      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     27106323                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         36120     11.29%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead       275697     86.19%     97.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         8071      2.52%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      9009987     62.75%     62.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       125503      0.87%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          858      0.01%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3442594     23.97%     87.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1780548     12.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total     14359490                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.483944                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt            319888                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022277                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     56153953                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16143533                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14235129                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses     14679378                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        26273                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       142659                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           57                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          406                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12134                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1261                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles       231579                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles       2699830                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles        28089                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14958620                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          148                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3534116                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1785267                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          890                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents        17364                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           15                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          406                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        61838                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        64897                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts       126735                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14258867                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3431261                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       100623                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                  14                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs            5211613                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches        1868531                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores          1780352                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.480553                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent             14235639                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count            14235129                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers         7692697                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers        15190160                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.479753                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.506426                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11556652                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps     13580777                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1379597                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1731                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts       110442                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26874744                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.505336                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.324290                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     21930737     81.60%     81.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1818753      6.77%     88.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       848254      3.16%     91.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       833651      3.10%     94.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       231318      0.86%     95.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       953016      3.55%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        72429      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        53051      0.20%     99.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       133535      0.50%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26874744                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts     11556652                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps     13580777                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs              5164583                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads             3391450                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars               864                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches          1793217                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts        12076690                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls       131496                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events       133535                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads           41701544                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes          30152364                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                464326                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles               2565482                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts          11556652                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps            13580777                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total     11556652                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.567509                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.567509                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.389483                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.389483                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads       70481542                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes      16536377                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads      17847096                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes         1728                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles               29671805                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups        2032608                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1833866                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       108451                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       769351                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits         724958                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS         111724                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4758                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles     21536786                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts             12770551                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches           2032608                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches       836682                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles             2526180                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles        343465                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles      2777351                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.MiscStallCycles           18                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           28                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines         1237621                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes       108718                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples     27072702                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.553528                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.856757                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0       24546522     90.67%     90.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1          90514      0.33%     91.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2         184403      0.68%     91.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3          77923      0.29%     91.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4         419260      1.55%     93.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5         374333      1.38%     94.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6          71778      0.27%     95.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7         150707      0.56%     95.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8        1157262      4.27%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total     27072702                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.068503                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.430393                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles       21312232                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles      3003581                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles         2516761                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles         8025                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles       232100                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved       178511                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          239                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts     14975961                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         1450                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles       232100                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles       21340796                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles       2781799                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles       125956                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles         2499543                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles        92505                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts     14966835                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents           49                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents        46843                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents        31057                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.FullRegisterEvents          769                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands     17578498                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups     70482457                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups     70482457                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps     15537842                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps        2040640                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts         1742                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts          886                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts          219663                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads      3528743                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores      1781780                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads        16590                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores        86723                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded         14935067                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1747                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued        14334052                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         8672                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1191724                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2882219                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           20                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     27072702                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.529465                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.320331                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     21927679     81.00%     81.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1566943      5.79%     86.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1273301      4.70%     91.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       549562      2.03%     93.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       687561      2.54%     96.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       650757      2.40%     98.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       368940      1.36%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        29520      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        18439      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     27072702                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         36158     11.31%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead       275453     86.17%     97.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         8057      2.52%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8994675     62.75%     62.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       125285      0.87%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          856      0.01%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3436093     23.97%     87.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1777143     12.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total     14334052                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.483087                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt            319668                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022301                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     56069146                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16128942                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14209972                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses     14653720                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        26125                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       143812                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           66                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          406                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12086                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1258                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles       232100                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles       2709492                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles        27874                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14936828                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          161                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3528743                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1781780                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          885                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents        16988                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           15                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          406                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        62182                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        64510                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts       126692                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14233586                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3424737                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       100466                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                  14                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs            5201675                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches        1864589                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores          1776938                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.479701                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent             14210479                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count            14209972                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers         7678523                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers        15167507                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.478905                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.506248                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11532749                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps     13552565                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1385855                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1727                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts       110600                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26840602                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.504928                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.323913                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     21907810     81.62%     81.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1813896      6.76%     88.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       846866      3.16%     91.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       831283      3.10%     94.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       230368      0.86%     95.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       951838      3.55%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        72483      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        52936      0.20%     99.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       133122      0.50%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26840602                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts     11532749                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps     13552565                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs              5154617                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads             3384928                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars               862                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches          1789453                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts        12051568                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls       131190                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events       133122                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads           41645861                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes          30108978                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                464221                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles               2599103                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts          11532749                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps            13552565                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total     11532749                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.572830                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.572830                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.388677                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.388677                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads       70358745                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes      16504754                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads      17818090                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes         1724                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles               29671804                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups        2021332                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1809844                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       163335                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1366137                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1334817                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS         118255                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4818                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles     21459410                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts             11497382                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches           2021332                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches      1453072                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles             2563169                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles        539038                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles       877117                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           25                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines         1300489                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes       159969                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples     25274535                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.508216                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.740656                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0       22711366     89.86%     89.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1         394590      1.56%     91.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2         194402      0.77%     92.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3         391096      1.55%     93.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4         120735      0.48%     94.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5         363811      1.44%     95.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6          56019      0.22%     95.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7          89993      0.36%     96.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8         952523      3.77%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total     25274535                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.068123                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.387485                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles       21276078                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles      1065715                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles         2557922                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles         2050                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles       372766                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved       185490                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred         2048                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts     12821721                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         4822                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles       372766                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles       21297527                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles        710308                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles       288118                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles         2536258                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles        69554                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts     12801260                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents           31                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents         9704                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents        52531                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands     16731630                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups     57963255                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups     57963255                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps     13499088                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps        3232532                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts         1667                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts          845                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts          165051                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads      2350455                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores       365413                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3156                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores        81824                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded         12734025                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1673                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued        11903386                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7885                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2351512                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4838490                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           13                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     25274535                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.470964                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.083290                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     20059282     79.37%     79.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1618716      6.40%     85.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1771021      7.01%     92.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      1015638      4.02%     96.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       520604      2.06%     98.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       131874      0.52%     99.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       150805      0.60%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3662      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2933      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     25274535                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         19314     56.78%     56.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     56.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     56.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     56.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     56.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     56.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     56.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     56.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     56.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     56.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     56.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     56.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     56.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     56.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     56.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     56.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     56.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     56.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     56.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     56.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     56.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     56.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     56.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     56.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     56.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     56.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     56.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8147     23.95%     80.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         6557     19.28%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      9307582     78.19%     78.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        90755      0.76%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          823      0.01%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2142542     18.00%     96.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       361684      3.04%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total     11903386                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.401168                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt             34018                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002858                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     49123210                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15087255                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11595205                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses     11937404                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         8939                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       490534                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           19                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           50                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9608                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles       372766                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles        634523                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles         8490                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12735712                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1551                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2350455                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       365413                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          844                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4226                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          265                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           50                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       110129                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        62647                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts       172776                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11753477                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2111237                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       149909                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                  14                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs            2472871                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches        1788600                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores           361634                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.396116                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent             11598425                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count            11595205                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers         7023423                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers        15159847                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.390782                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.463291                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9235578                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps     10366384                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2369852                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1660                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts       162142                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     24901769                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.416291                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.283570                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     21057269     84.56%     84.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1499233      6.02%     90.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       972395      3.90%     94.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       305903      1.23%     95.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       513939      2.06%     97.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        98181      0.39%     98.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        62290      0.25%     98.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        56221      0.23%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       336338      1.35%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     24901769                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts      9235578                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps     10366384                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs              2215725                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads             1859920                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars               828                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches          1593073                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts         9050409                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls       126715                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events       336338                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads           37301628                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes          25845528                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                486440                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles               4397269                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts           9235578                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps            10366384                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total      9235578                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     3.212772                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               3.212772                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.311258                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.311258                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads       54690103                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes      15071816                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads      13672739                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes         1658                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles               29671805                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups        2022496                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1810055                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       163076                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1369433                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1334474                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS         118125                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4808                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles     21452478                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts             11496352                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches           2022496                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches      1452599                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles             2561532                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles        538305                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles       914500                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           25                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles         2173                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines         1299805                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes       159809                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples     25305047                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.507504                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.739739                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0       22743515     89.88%     89.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1         394527      1.56%     91.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2         193079      0.76%     92.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3         390634      1.54%     93.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4         120726      0.48%     94.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5         363550      1.44%     95.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6          56198      0.22%     95.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7          90550      0.36%     96.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8         952268      3.76%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total     25305047                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.068162                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.387450                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles       21271153                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles      1103254                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles         2556293                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles         2062                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles       372281                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved       186473                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred         2057                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts     12819350                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         4854                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles       372281                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles       21292632                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles        743938                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles       292214                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles         2534605                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles        69373                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts     12798929                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents           26                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents         9797                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents        52239                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands     16730763                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups     57943307                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups     57943307                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps     13497585                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps        3233155                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts         1668                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts          846                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts          164725                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads      2347239                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores       365315                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3051                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores        81669                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded         12730812                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1672                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued        11900390                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         8228                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2350041                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4828166                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           13                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     25305047                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.470277                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.082709                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     20090597     79.39%     79.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1618920      6.40%     85.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1771184      7.00%     92.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      1015427      4.01%     96.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       519818      2.05%     98.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       130570      0.52%     99.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       151971      0.60%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3607      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2953      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     25305047                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         19576     57.09%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8143     23.75%     80.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         6570     19.16%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      9306858     78.21%     78.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        90790      0.76%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          823      0.01%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2140264     17.98%     96.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       361655      3.04%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total     11900390                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.401067                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt             34289                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002881                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     49148344                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15082572                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11593779                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses     11934679                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         9025                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       487707                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           17                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           49                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9521                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles       372281                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles        668477                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles         8589                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12732498                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          416                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2347239                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       365315                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          844                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4302                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          260                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           49                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       109908                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        62760                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts       172668                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11751757                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2110317                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       148633                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                  14                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs            2471914                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches        1789162                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores           361597                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.396058                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent             11596997                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count            11593779                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers         7021422                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers        15149876                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.390734                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.463464                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9234293                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps     10365099                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2367909                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1659                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts       161874                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     24932766                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.415722                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.282899                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     21088649     84.58%     84.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1499474      6.01%     90.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       972457      3.90%     94.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       305613      1.23%     95.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       513468      2.06%     97.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        98021      0.39%     98.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        62283      0.25%     98.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        56211      0.23%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       336590      1.35%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     24932766                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts      9234293                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps     10365099                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs              2215318                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads             1859524                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars               828                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches          1592870                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts         9049317                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls       126710                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events       336590                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads           37329145                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes          25838605                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                485881                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles               4366758                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts           9234293                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps            10365099                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total      9234293                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     3.213219                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               3.213219                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.311214                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.311214                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads       54678703                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes      15071654                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads      13671066                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes         1656                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles               29668697                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups        2081981                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1703069                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       205704                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       852702                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits         817735                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS         213197                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9086                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20193692                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts             11820579                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches           2081981                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches      1030932                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles             2473963                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles        601204                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles      1006159                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines         1244092                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes       206780                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples     24064810                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.600050                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.944649                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0       21590847     89.72%     89.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1         133712      0.56%     90.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2         210593      0.88%     91.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3         336478      1.40%     92.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4         139987      0.58%     93.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5         155549      0.65%     93.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6         166928      0.69%     94.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7         109227      0.45%     94.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8        1221489      5.08%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total     24064810                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.070174                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.398419                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles       19999373                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles      1202375                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles         2465988                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles         6350                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles       390721                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved       340660                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          276                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts     14428306                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         1620                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles       390721                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles       20030607                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles        254035                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles       856010                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles         2441547                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles        91885                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts     14417905                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents         3889                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents        24943                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents        33999                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.FullRegisterEvents         6543                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands     20014970                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups     67064200                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups     67064200                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps     17025491                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps        2989269                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts         3714                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2065                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts          273062                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads      1374884                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores       738146                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads        22375                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores       168867                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded         14397250                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3727                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued        13605552                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17897                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1856693                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4168907                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          407                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     24064810                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.565371                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.258938                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18325859     76.15%     76.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2305023      9.58%     85.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1258549      5.23%     90.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       859393      3.57%     94.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       803210      3.34%     97.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       229508      0.95%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       180108      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        61056      0.25%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        42104      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     24064810                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3201     12.73%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead         9615     38.25%     50.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12320     49.01%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11397681     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       215238      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1646      0.01%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1257751      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       733236      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total     13605552                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.458583                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt             25136                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001847                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     51318947                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16257826                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13384797                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses     13630688                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        40973                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       251157                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           43                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          158                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        23832                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          877                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles       390721                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles        170079                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12812                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14401002                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1495                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1374884                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       738146                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2068                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9588                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          158                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       119277                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       118039                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts       237316                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13410855                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1183115                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       194697                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                  25                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs            1915975                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches        1886707                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores           732860                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.452020                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent             13385026                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count            13384797                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers         7826523                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers        20444261                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.451142                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.382822                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10000978                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps     12258396                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2142519                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3320                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts       209821                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23674089                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.517798                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.369090                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18695223     78.97%     78.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2411592     10.19%     89.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       939574      3.97%     93.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       506629      2.14%     95.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       377314      1.59%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       211023      0.89%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       131112      0.55%     98.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       116250      0.49%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       285372      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23674089                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts     10000978                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps     12258396                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs              1838014                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads             1123707                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars              1656                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches          1759791                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts        11045579                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls       249031                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events       285372                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads           37789567                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes          29192780                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                329759                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles               5603887                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts          10000978                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps            12258396                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total     10000978                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.966580                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.966580                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.337089                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.337089                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads       60473544                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes      18554581                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads      13459296                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes         3318                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles               29671805                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups        2575106                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted      2144257                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       235537                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       976821                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits         939558                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS         276512                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        10922                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles     22399587                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts             14127408                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches           2575106                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches      1216070                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles             2943600                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles        656775                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles      2011845                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.MiscStallCycles         7587                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           62                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines         1392477                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes       225219                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples     27781766                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.625003                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.988276                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0       24838166     89.40%     89.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1         180016      0.65%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2         227253      0.82%     90.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3         362395      1.30%     92.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4         151438      0.55%     92.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5         194765      0.70%     93.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6         227321      0.82%     94.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7         104819      0.38%     94.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8        1495593      5.38%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total     27781766                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.086786                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.476122                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles       22275317                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles      2156635                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles         2929534                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles         1479                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles       418800                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved       391517                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          285                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts     17268435                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         1655                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles       418800                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles       22298560                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles         72164                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles      2020796                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles         2907710                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles        63728                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts     17160939                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents           19                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents         9164                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents        44302                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands     23968267                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups     79798152                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups     79798152                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps     20027646                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps        3940613                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts         4134                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2148                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts          224567                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads      1608491                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores       839894                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads         9483                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores       190106                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded         16753980                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         4147                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued        16062429                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        16869                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2049601                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4190623                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          143                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     27781766                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578164                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.302226                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     20976029     75.50%     75.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      3103411     11.17%     86.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1268840      4.57%     91.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       713030      2.57%     93.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       961999      3.46%     97.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       297913      1.07%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       291582      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       156501      0.56%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        12461      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     27781766                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        110931     79.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead        15129     10.77%     89.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        14362     10.23%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     13531581     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       219572      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1986      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1472166      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       837124      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total     16062429                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.541336                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt            140422                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008742                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     60063907                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     18807834                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     15643905                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses     16202851                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        12068                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       306825                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            7                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          107                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12594                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles       418800                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles         55131                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6947                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     16758132                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        13162                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1608491                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       839894                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2147                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents         6083                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            3                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          107                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       139181                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       132499                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts       271680                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts     15782721                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1447662                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       279700                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs            2284665                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches        2231143                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores           837003                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.531910                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent             15643997                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count            15643905                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers         9372494                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers        25182537                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.527231                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.372182                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11651519                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps     14357386                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2400771                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         4004                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts       237336                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     27362966                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.524701                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.343247                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     21285506     77.79%     77.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      3079790     11.26%     89.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1118815      4.09%     93.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       557031      2.04%     95.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       509867      1.86%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       213886      0.78%     97.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       211825      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       100943      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       285303      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     27362966                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts     11651519                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps     14357386                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs              2128957                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads             1301666                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars              1998                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches          2080877                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts        12926533                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls       296500                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events       285303                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads           43835742                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes          33935147                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                341821                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles               1890039                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts          11651519                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps            14357386                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total     11651519                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.546604                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.546604                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.392680                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.392680                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads       71012532                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes      21860764                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads      15969115                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes         4000                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles               29671805                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups        2031990                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1832914                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       107933                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       792618                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits         724798                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS         111706                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4805                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles     21541726                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts             12766457                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches           2031990                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches       836504                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles             2524495                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles        340780                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles      2767243                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.MiscStallCycles         1295                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           41                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines         1237145                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes       108165                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples     27064967                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.553365                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.856456                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0       24540472     90.67%     90.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1          89883      0.33%     91.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2         184519      0.68%     91.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3          77874      0.29%     91.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4         418800      1.55%     93.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5         374461      1.38%     94.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6          72131      0.27%     95.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7         150642      0.56%     95.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8        1156185      4.27%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total     27064967                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.068482                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.430255                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles       21322897                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles      2989062                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles         2515151                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles         7933                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles       229921                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved       178796                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          246                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts     14966926                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         1504                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles       229921                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles       21351229                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles       2772533                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles       119362                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles         2497664                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles        94255                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts     14957802                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents           60                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents        48420                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents        31158                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.FullRegisterEvents          785                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands     17565972                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups     70438492                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups     70438492                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps     15548320                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps        2017645                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts         1747                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts          890                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts          219861                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads      3527143                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores      1783039                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads        16449                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores        86771                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded         14927023                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1753                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued        14334959                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         8368                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1175031                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2833756                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           22                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     27064967                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.529650                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.320506                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     21918059     80.98%     80.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1569235      5.80%     86.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1273989      4.71%     91.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       549107      2.03%     93.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       686376      2.54%     96.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       650509      2.40%     98.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       369939      1.37%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        29282      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        18471      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     27064967                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         36108     11.30%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead       275454     86.18%     97.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         8054      2.52%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8993223     62.74%     62.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       125236      0.87%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          857      0.01%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3437351     23.98%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1778292     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total     14334959                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.483117                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt            319616                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022296                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     56062869                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16104206                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14212312                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses     14654575                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        25807                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       139991                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           61                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          403                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12172                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1265                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles       229921                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles       2700615                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles        27376                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14928795                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          196                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3527143                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1783039                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          889                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents        16967                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           15                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          403                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        62009                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        64003                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts       126012                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14235302                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3426106                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        99657                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                  19                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs            5204225                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches        1865511                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores          1778119                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.479759                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent             14212800                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count            14212312                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers         7677866                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers        15153109                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.478984                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.506686                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11540504                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps     13561559                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1368943                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1731                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts       110088                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26835046                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.505367                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.324316                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     21899086     81.61%     81.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1814830      6.76%     88.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       846863      3.16%     91.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       832533      3.10%     94.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       230369      0.86%     95.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       953256      3.55%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        72126      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        52972      0.20%     99.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       133011      0.50%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26835046                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts     11540504                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps     13561559                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs              5158019                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads             3387152                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars               864                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches          1790594                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts        12059571                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls       131258                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events       133011                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads           41632498                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes          30090948                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                463983                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles               2606838                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts          11540504                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps            13561559                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total     11540504                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.571101                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.571101                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.388938                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.388938                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads       70371261                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes      16506737                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads      17817068                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes         1728                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles               29671804                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups        2021473                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1809483                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       162937                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1370982                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1334890                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS         118063                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4741                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles     21452806                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts             11493230                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches           2021473                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches      1452953                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles             2561464                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles        537632                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles       908085                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           25                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines         1299677                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes       159656                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples     25296187                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.507542                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.739658                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0       22734723     89.87%     89.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1         394535      1.56%     91.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2         193400      0.76%     92.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3         390857      1.55%     93.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4         120537      0.48%     94.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5         363816      1.44%     95.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6          56391      0.22%     95.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7          90025      0.36%     96.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8         951903      3.76%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total     25296187                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.068128                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.387345                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles       21269235                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles      1096923                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles         2556234                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles         2042                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles       371749                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved       185986                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred         2058                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts     12815511                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         4900                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles       371749                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles       21290602                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles        736286                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles       293397                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles         2534619                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles        69530                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts     12795548                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents           28                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents         9962                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents        52303                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands     16725079                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups     57930260                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups     57930260                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps     13498222                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps        3226847                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts         1670                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts          848                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts          164770                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads      2347602                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores       365331                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3175                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores        82077                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded         12727896                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1675                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued        11899430                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         8000                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2346717                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4820829                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           15                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     25296187                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.470404                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.082691                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     20081135     79.38%     79.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1619462      6.40%     85.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1771704      7.00%     92.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      1015791      4.02%     96.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       519246      2.05%     98.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       130481      0.52%     99.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       151744      0.60%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3658      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2966      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     25296187                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         19456     57.00%     57.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8113     23.77%     80.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         6564     19.23%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      9305468     78.20%     78.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        90759      0.76%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          823      0.01%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2140716     17.99%     96.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       361664      3.04%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total     11899430                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.401035                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt             34133                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002868                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     49137180                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15076327                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11592671                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses     11933563                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         9125                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       487909                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           16                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           42                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9532                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles       371749                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles        660311                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles         8543                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12729589                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          632                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2347602                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       365331                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          846                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4294                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          264                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           42                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       110032                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        62497                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts       172529                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11750549                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2110395                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       148881                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                  18                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs            2471998                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches        1788740                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores           361603                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.396017                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent             11595861                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count            11592671                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers         7021154                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers        15150170                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.390697                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.463437                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9234837                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps     10365643                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2364450                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1660                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts       161736                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     24924438                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.415883                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.283056                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     21079644     84.57%     84.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1499986      6.02%     90.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       972562      3.90%     94.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       305810      1.23%     95.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       513449      2.06%     97.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        97975      0.39%     98.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        62212      0.25%     98.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        56240      0.23%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       336560      1.35%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     24924438                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts      9234837                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps     10365643                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs              2215491                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads             1859692                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars               828                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches          1592957                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts         9049778                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls       126712                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events       336560                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads           37317932                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes          25832229                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                485772                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles               4375617                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts           9234837                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps            10365643                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total      9234837                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     3.213030                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               3.213030                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.311233                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.311233                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads       54674984                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes      15069006                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads      13668107                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes         1658                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles               29671805                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups        2299643                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1881651                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       227260                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       970207                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits         904890                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS         237540                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        10267                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles     22171638                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts             12851078                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches           2299643                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches      1142430                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles             2684180                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles        617871                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles      1169592                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.MiscStallCycles          752                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           12                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines         1358134                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes       227272                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples     26413857                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.597626                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.932726                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0       23729677     89.84%     89.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1         125529      0.48%     90.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2         199447      0.76%     91.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3         269618      1.02%     92.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4         276265      1.05%     93.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5         234241      0.89%     94.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6         131248      0.50%     94.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7         194087      0.73%     95.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8        1253745      4.75%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total     26413857                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.077503                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.433107                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles       21946875                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles      1397349                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles         2679105                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles         3105                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles       387420                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved       378274                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          264                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts     15771006                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         1534                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles       387420                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles       22006986                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles        202451                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles      1057166                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles         2622842                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles       136989                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts     15764407                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents           17                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents        19572                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents        59212                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands     22002296                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups     73330170                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups     73330170                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps     19078599                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps        2923648                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts         3870                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1992                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts          411048                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads      1478231                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores       799080                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads         9269                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores       216086                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded         15743222                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3884                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued        14959501                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2380                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1728687                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4123891                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          100                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     26413857                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.566350                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.258093                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     20061559     75.95%     75.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2629540      9.96%     85.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1328552      5.03%     90.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       986049      3.73%     94.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       775799      2.94%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       314986      1.19%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       199284      0.75%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       103824      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        14264      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     26413857                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2634     10.47%     10.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     10.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     10.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     10.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     10.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     10.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     10.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     10.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     10.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     10.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     10.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     10.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     10.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     10.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     10.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     10.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     10.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead         9141     36.32%     46.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13392     53.21%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12582284     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       222673      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1875      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1356307      9.07%     94.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       796362      5.32%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total     14959501                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.504166                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt             25167                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001682                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     56360403                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     17475855                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14731516                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses     14984668                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        30852                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       238844                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           18                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           63                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10653                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles       387420                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles        170156                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13395                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     15747129                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         4944                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1478231                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       799080                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1995                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents        11288                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           63                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       131942                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       127574                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts       259516                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14750066                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1276056                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       209432                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                  23                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs            2072340                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches        2096796                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores           796284                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.497107                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent             14731634                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count            14731516                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers         8457276                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers        22788268                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.496482                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.371124                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11121475                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps     13685003                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2062113                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3784                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts       229881                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26026437                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525812                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.369936                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     20393084     78.36%     78.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2800472     10.76%     89.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1050887      4.04%     93.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       500317      1.92%     95.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       434531      1.67%     96.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       242697      0.93%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       204802      0.79%     98.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        95791      0.37%     98.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       303856      1.17%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26026437                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts     11121475                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps     13685003                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs              2027811                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads             1239384                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars              1888                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches          1973417                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts        12330064                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls       281863                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events       303856                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads           41469619                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes          31881696                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                337966                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles               3257948                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts          11121475                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps            13685003                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total     11121475                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.667974                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.667974                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.374816                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.374816                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads       66386296                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes      20524148                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads      14618556                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes         3780                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles               29671805                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups        2188923                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1796053                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       216159                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       904276                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits         853953                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS         223436                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9525                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20878472                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts             12435185                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches           2188923                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches      1077389                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles             2732659                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles        614505                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles      1930867                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles            6                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines         1287848                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes       214931                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples     25936386                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.586196                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.923578                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0       23203727     89.46%     89.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1         293395      1.13%     90.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2         341583      1.32%     91.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3         188729      0.73%     92.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4         218944      0.84%     93.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5         119396      0.46%     93.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6          82125      0.32%     94.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7         212332      0.82%     95.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8        1276155      4.92%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total     25936386                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.073771                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.419091                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles       20711438                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles      2101674                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles         2710534                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles        20598                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles       392140                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved       354109                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred         2242                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts     15175210                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts        11470                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles       392140                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles       20743204                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles        696071                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles      1314090                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles         2700047                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles        90832                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts     15165068                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents           14                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents        23969                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents        41736                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands     21073533                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups     70598081                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups     70598081                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps     17958806                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps        3114727                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts         3876                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2123                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts          246884                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads      1450023                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores       787064                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads        20679                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores       173730                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded         15137419                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3881                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued        14291169                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        20064                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1910348                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4440320                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          355                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     25936386                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.551008                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.243393                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19912139     76.77%     76.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2425351      9.35%     86.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1299515      5.01%     91.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       902471      3.48%     94.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       787761      3.04%     97.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       402959      1.55%     99.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        96329      0.37%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        63326      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        46535      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     25936386                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3673     11.94%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13235     43.01%     54.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13866     45.06%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11963473     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       223197      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1749      0.01%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1321625      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       781125      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total     14291169                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.481641                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt             30774                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002153                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     54569562                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     17051816                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14053140                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses     14321943                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        35971                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       259813                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           95                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          170                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        16856                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          874                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          612                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles       392140                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles        650841                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles        15615                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     15141327                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         2461                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1450023                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       787064                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2120                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents        10868                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          170                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       125066                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       121671                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts       246737                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14080143                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1241532                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       211026                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                  27                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs            2022424                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches        1970046                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores           780892                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.474529                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent             14053492                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count            14053140                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers         8354111                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers        21880599                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.473619                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.381804                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10546727                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps     12939701                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2201906                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3526                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts       217155                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     25544246                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.506560                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.322612                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     20255708     79.30%     79.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2453916      9.61%     88.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1027535      4.02%     92.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       616277      2.41%     95.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       428504      1.68%     97.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       276135      1.08%     98.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       143515      0.56%     98.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       115145      0.45%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       227511      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     25544246                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts     10546727                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps     12939701                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs              1960418                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads             1190210                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars              1760                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches          1851887                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts        11665752                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls       263319                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events       227511                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads           40458277                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes          30675375                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                321386                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles               3735419                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts          10546727                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps            12939701                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total     10546727                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.813366                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.813366                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.355446                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.355446                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads       63510847                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes      19505723                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads      14163788                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes         3522                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles               29671805                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups        2577090                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted      2145861                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       235978                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       977829                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits         940034                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS         277237                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        10970                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles     22417696                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts             14140207                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches           2577090                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches      1217271                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles             2945755                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles        658388                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles      1988469                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.MiscStallCycles         6009                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           62                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines         1393842                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes       225552                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples     27778255                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.625724                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.989322                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0       24832500     89.40%     89.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1         180232      0.65%     90.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2         225618      0.81%     90.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3         362673      1.31%     92.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4         152174      0.55%     92.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5         195257      0.70%     93.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6         227923      0.82%     94.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7         105509      0.38%     94.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8        1496369      5.39%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total     27778255                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.086853                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.476554                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles       22291994                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles      2133123                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles         2931718                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles         1442                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles       419977                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved       391875                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          287                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts     17285810                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         1663                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles       419977                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles       22315053                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles         71638                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles      1997983                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles         2910075                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles        63521                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts     17179209                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents           20                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents         9049                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents        44205                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands     23991874                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups     79885560                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups     79885560                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps     20042323                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps        3949534                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts         4123                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2135                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts          223289                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads      1611233                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores       840819                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads         9293                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores       190057                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded         16772835                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         4136                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued        16080726                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        16912                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2057697                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4203140                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          128                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     27778255                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578896                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.303063                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     20967143     75.48%     75.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      3104410     11.18%     86.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1269903      4.57%     91.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       712934      2.57%     93.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       964333      3.47%     97.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       298357      1.07%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       292032      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       156745      0.56%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        12398      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     27778255                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        110848     78.94%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead        15211     10.83%     89.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        14370     10.23%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     13546051     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       219783      1.37%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1988      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1474810      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       838094      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total     16080726                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.541953                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt            140429                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008733                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     60097047                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     18834773                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     15659408                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses     16221155                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        11758                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       308625                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            7                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          107                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12917                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles       419977                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles         54862                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6919                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     16776977                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        12748                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1611233                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       840819                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2134                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents         6049                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            6                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          107                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       139083                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       132942                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts       272025                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts     15799239                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1449559                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       281486                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs            2287521                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches        2232887                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores           837962                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.532466                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent             15659499                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count            15659408                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers         9382713                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers        25211708                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.527754                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.372157                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11660053                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps     14367857                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2409179                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         4008                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts       237766                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     27358278                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525174                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.343816                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     21276516     77.77%     77.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      3082148     11.27%     89.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1119571      4.09%     93.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       557094      2.04%     95.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       510240      1.87%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       214184      0.78%     97.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       211971      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       100853      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       285701      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     27358278                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts     11660053                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps     14367857                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs              2130510                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads             1302608                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars              2000                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches          2082376                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts        12935956                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls       296705                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events       285701                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads           43849535                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes          33974071                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                342141                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles               1893550                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts          11660053                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps            14367857                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total     11660053                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.544740                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.544740                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.392967                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.392967                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads       71086011                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes      21882655                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads      15983523                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes         4004                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles               29671805                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups        2020705                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1808598                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       163296                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1368236                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1334286                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS         118174                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4823                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles     21451874                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts             11489092                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches           2020705                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches      1452460                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles             2560132                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles        538463                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles       888354                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           25                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines         1299872                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes       159971                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples     25274665                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.507789                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.740133                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0       22714533     89.87%     89.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1         394354      1.56%     91.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2         193077      0.76%     92.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3         390553      1.55%     93.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4         120425      0.48%     94.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5         363516      1.44%     95.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6          56149      0.22%     95.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7          90604      0.36%     96.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8         951454      3.76%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total     25274665                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.068102                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.387206                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles       21268306                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles      1077243                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles         2554774                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles         2105                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles       372233                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved       186139                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred         2047                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts     12810686                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         4810                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles       372233                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles       21289774                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles        731767                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles       277987                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles         2533136                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles        69764                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts     12790134                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents           39                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents        10073                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents        52398                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands     16716628                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups     57904171                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups     57904171                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps     13489232                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps        3227381                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts         1670                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts          848                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts          165307                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads      2347733                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores       364853                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3258                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores        81950                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded         12722525                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1674                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued        11894156                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7980                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2347663                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4822287                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           15                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     25274665                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.470596                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.082783                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     20061841     79.38%     79.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1618657      6.40%     85.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1771030      7.01%     92.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      1014689      4.01%     96.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       520134      2.06%     98.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       130568      0.52%     99.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       151169      0.60%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3634      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2943      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     25274665                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         19419     56.95%     56.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     56.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     56.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     56.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     56.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     56.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     56.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     56.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     56.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     56.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     56.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     56.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     56.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     56.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     56.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     56.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     56.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     56.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     56.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     56.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     56.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     56.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     56.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     56.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     56.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     56.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     56.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8121     23.81%     80.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         6561     19.24%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      9300942     78.20%     78.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        90656      0.76%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          823      0.01%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2140479     18.00%     96.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       361256      3.04%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total     11894156                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.400857                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt             34101                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002867                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     49105056                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15071904                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11586777                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses     11928257                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         9114                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       488914                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           17                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           46                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9376                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles       372233                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles        655858                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles         8543                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12724213                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          420                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2347733                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       364853                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          846                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4286                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          259                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           46                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       110125                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        62536                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts       172661                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11745002                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2110055                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       149152                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                  14                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs            2471251                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches        1788085                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores           361196                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.395830                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent             11589943                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count            11586777                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers         7017453                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers        15139388                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.390498                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.463523                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9229228                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps     10358954                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2365764                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1659                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts       162102                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     24902432                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.415982                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.283278                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     21060552     84.57%     84.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1498643      6.02%     90.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       971766      3.90%     94.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       305893      1.23%     95.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       512872      2.06%     97.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        97784      0.39%     98.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        62238      0.25%     98.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        56208      0.23%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       336476      1.35%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     24902432                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts      9229228                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps     10358954                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs              2214296                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads             1858819                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars               828                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches          1591952                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts         9043821                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls       126587                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events       336476                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads           37290635                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes          25821979                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                486173                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles               4397140                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts           9229228                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps            10358954                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total      9229228                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     3.214982                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               3.214982                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.311044                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.311044                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads       54648342                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes      15061206                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads      13662990                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes         1656                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles               29671805                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups        2573988                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted      2143262                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       235697                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       976663                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits         938914                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS         276916                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        10955                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles     22390416                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts             14122759                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches           2573988                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches      1215830                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles             2942175                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles        657625                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles      2025731                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.MiscStallCycles         6011                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           62                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines         1392157                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes       225291                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples     27784180                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.624824                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.988024                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0       24842005     89.41%     89.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1         180007      0.65%     90.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2         225346      0.81%     90.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3         362233      1.30%     92.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4         152014      0.55%     92.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5         195053      0.70%     93.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6         227643      0.82%     94.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7         105374      0.38%     94.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8        1494505      5.38%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total     27784180                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.086749                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.475966                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles       22264898                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles      2170186                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles         2928156                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles         1440                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles       419499                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved       391415                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          286                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts     17264672                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         1655                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles       419499                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles       22287930                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles         71507                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles      2035252                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles         2906545                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles        63439                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts     17158198                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents           23                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents         9042                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents        44151                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands     23962215                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups     79787837                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups     79787837                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps     20017225                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps        3944942                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts         4117                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2132                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts          222990                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads      1609329                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores       839783                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads         9279                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores       189833                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded         16752261                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         4129                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued        16060884                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        16917                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2055348                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4198612                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          128                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     27784180                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578059                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.302297                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     20981456     75.52%     75.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      3100559     11.16%     86.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1268372      4.57%     91.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       711960      2.56%     93.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       963337      3.47%     97.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       297946      1.07%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       291611      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       156555      0.56%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        12384      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     27784180                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        110712     78.93%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead        15195     10.83%     89.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        14351     10.23%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     13529292     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       219516      1.37%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1985      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1473035      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       837056      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total     16060884                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.541284                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt            140258                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008733                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     60063123                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     18811843                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     15640063                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses     16201142                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        11747                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       308308                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            7                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          107                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12905                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles       419499                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles         54784                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6902                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     16756396                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        12739                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1609329                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       839783                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2131                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents         6033                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            6                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          107                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       138905                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       132782                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts       271687                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts     15779749                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1447811                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       281135                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs            2284735                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches        2230169                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores           836924                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.531810                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent             15640153                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count            15640063                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers         9370991                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers        25180371                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.527102                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.372155                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11645492                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps     14350013                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2406388                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         4000                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts       237483                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     27364681                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.524399                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.342971                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     21290461     77.80%     77.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      3078315     11.25%     89.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1118194      4.09%     93.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       556406      2.03%     95.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       509604      1.86%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       213930      0.78%     97.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       211702      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       100738      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       285331      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     27364681                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts     11645492                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps     14350013                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs              2127875                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads             1301009                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars              1996                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches          2079835                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts        12919878                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls       296351                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events       285331                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads           43835673                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes          33932377                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                341722                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles               1887625                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts          11645492                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps            14350013                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total     11645492                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.547922                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.547922                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.392477                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.392477                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads       70998200                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes      21855374                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads      15963798                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes         3996                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l200.replacements                         3350                       # number of replacements
system.l200.tagsinuse                     2047.561345                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l200.total_refs                         123678                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.sampled_refs                         5398                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.avg_refs                        22.911819                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l200.occ_blocks::writebacks          12.134799                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    19.728573                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   929.261373                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::cpu00.data        1086.436600                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005925                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.009633                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.453741                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::cpu00.data          0.530487                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::total               0.999786                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         4001                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::total                  4002                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::writebacks            865                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::total                 865                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data           11                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::total                  11                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data         4012                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::total                   4013                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data         4012                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::total                  4013                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3311                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::total                3345                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_misses::total                 5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3316                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::total                 3350                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3316                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::total                3350                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     54297548                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3096367944                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    3150665492                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      8085543                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      8085543                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     54297548                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3104453487                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::total     3158751035                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     54297548                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3104453487                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::total    3158751035                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         7312                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::total              7347                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          865                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::total             865                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::total              16                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         7328                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::total               7363                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         7328                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::total              7363                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.452817                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.455288                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.312500                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.312500                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.452511                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::total          0.454978                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.452511                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::total         0.454978                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1596986.705882                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 935176.062821                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 941902.987145                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 1617108.600000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1617108.600000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1596986.705882                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 936204.308504                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 942910.756716                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1596986.705882                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 936204.308504                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 942910.756716                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l200.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l200.writebacks::writebacks                507                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.writebacks::total                     507                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3311                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           3345                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3316                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::total            3350                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3316                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::total           3350                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     51312348                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2805635632                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2856947980                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      7646543                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7646543                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     51312348                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2813282175                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2864594523                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     51312348                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2813282175                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2864594523                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.452817                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.455288                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.312500                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.312500                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.452511                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.454978                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.452511                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.454978                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1509186.705882                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 847368.055572                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 854095.061286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 1529308.600000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1529308.600000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1509186.705882                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 848396.313329                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 855102.842687                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1509186.705882                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 848396.313329                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 855102.842687                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l201.replacements                          980                       # number of replacements
system.l201.tagsinuse                     2047.462522                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l201.total_refs                         182328                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.sampled_refs                         3028                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.avg_refs                        60.214003                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l201.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.462522                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    28.722976                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   457.660951                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::cpu01.data        1522.616072                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018781                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.014025                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.223467                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::cpu01.data          0.743465                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::total               0.999738                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         3174                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::total                  3176                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::writebacks            974                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::total                 974                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::total                  17                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data         3191                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::total                   3193                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data         3191                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::total                  3193                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          946                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::total                 980                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data          946                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::total                  980                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data          946                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::total                 980                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     97110334                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    790622937                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     887733271                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     97110334                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    790622937                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::total      887733271                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     97110334                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    790622937                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::total     887733271                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         4120                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::total              4156                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          974                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::total             974                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::total              17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         4137                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::total               4173                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         4137                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::total              4173                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.944444                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.229612                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.235804                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.944444                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.228668                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::total          0.234843                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.944444                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.228668                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::total         0.234843                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2856186.294118                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 835753.633192                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 905850.276531                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2856186.294118                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 835753.633192                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 905850.276531                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2856186.294118                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 835753.633192                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 905850.276531                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l201.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l201.writebacks::writebacks                512                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.writebacks::total                     512                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          946                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            980                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          946                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::total             980                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          946                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::total            980                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     94125134                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    707540304                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    801665438                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     94125134                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    707540304                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    801665438                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     94125134                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    707540304                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    801665438                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.229612                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.235804                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.228668                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.234843                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.228668                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.234843                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2768386.294118                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 747928.439746                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 818025.957143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2768386.294118                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 747928.439746                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 818025.957143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2768386.294118                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 747928.439746                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 818025.957143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l202.replacements                         2139                       # number of replacements
system.l202.tagsinuse                     2047.789827                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l202.total_refs                         121261                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.sampled_refs                         4187                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.avg_refs                        28.961309                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l202.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.736754                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    18.240205                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   933.082687                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::cpu02.data        1066.730181                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014520                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.008906                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.455607                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::cpu02.data          0.520864                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::total               0.999897                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         3776                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::total                  3777                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::writebacks            675                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::total                 675                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::total                   9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data         3785                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::total                   3786                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data         3785                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::total                  3786                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2110                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::total                2139                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2110                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::total                 2139                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           29                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2110                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::total                2139                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     63906980                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1688088139                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1751995119                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     63906980                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1688088139                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::total     1751995119                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     63906980                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1688088139                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::total    1751995119                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         5886                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::total              5916                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          675                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::total             675                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::total               9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         5895                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::total               5925                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           30                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         5895                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::total              5925                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.358478                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.361562                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.357930                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::total          0.361013                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.357930                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::total         0.361013                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2203688.965517                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 800041.772038                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 819072.051893                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2203688.965517                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 800041.772038                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 819072.051893                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2203688.965517                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 800041.772038                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 819072.051893                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l202.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l202.writebacks::writebacks                314                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.writebacks::total                     314                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2110                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2139                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2110                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::total            2139                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2110                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::total           2139                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     61360780                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1502830139                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1564190919                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     61360780                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1502830139                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1564190919                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     61360780                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1502830139                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1564190919                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.358478                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.361562                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.357930                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.361013                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.357930                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.361013                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2115888.965517                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 712241.772038                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 731272.051893                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2115888.965517                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 712241.772038                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 731272.051893                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2115888.965517                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 712241.772038                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 731272.051893                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l203.replacements                         3590                       # number of replacements
system.l203.tagsinuse                     2047.896075                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l203.total_refs                         154614                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.sampled_refs                         5638                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.avg_refs                        27.423554                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l203.occ_blocks::writebacks           5.010016                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    14.743872                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data  1199.376754                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::cpu03.data         828.765433                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002446                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.007199                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.585633                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::cpu03.data          0.404671                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::total               0.999949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         4829                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::total                  4830                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1504                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::total                1504                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data         4832                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::total                   4833                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data         4832                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::total                  4833                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3548                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::total                3584                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_misses::total                 6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3554                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::total                 3590                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3554                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::total                3590                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     75354652                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3357704967                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    3433059619                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      9675532                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      9675532                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     75354652                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3367380499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::total     3442735151                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     75354652                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3367380499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::total    3442735151                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         8377                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::total              8414                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1504                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::total            1504                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::total               9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         8386                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::total               8423                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         8386                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::total              8423                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.423541                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.425957                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.666667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.423802                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::total          0.426214                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.423802                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::total         0.426214                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2093184.777778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 946365.548760                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 957884.938337                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 1612588.666667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1612588.666667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2093184.777778                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 947490.292347                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 958979.150696                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2093184.777778                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 947490.292347                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 958979.150696                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l203.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l203.writebacks::writebacks                619                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.writebacks::total                     619                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3548                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           3584                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3554                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::total            3590                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3554                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::total           3590                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     72193101                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3046133041                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3118326142                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      9148732                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9148732                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     72193101                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3055281773                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3127474874                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     72193101                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3055281773                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3127474874                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.423541                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.425957                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.423802                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.426214                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.423802                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.426214                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2005363.916667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 858549.335118                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 870068.678013                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 1524788.666667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1524788.666667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2005363.916667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 859674.106078                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 871162.917549                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2005363.916667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 859674.106078                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 871162.917549                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l204.replacements                         3587                       # number of replacements
system.l204.tagsinuse                     2047.898853                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l204.total_refs                         154587                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.sampled_refs                         5635                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.avg_refs                        27.433363                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l204.occ_blocks::writebacks           5.040497                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    14.544618                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data  1200.225607                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::cpu04.data         828.088131                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002461                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.007102                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.586048                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::cpu04.data          0.404340                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::total               0.999951                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         4807                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::total                  4808                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1499                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::total                1499                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data         4810                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::total                   4811                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data         4810                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::total                  4811                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3548                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::total                3581                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_misses::total                 6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3554                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::total                 3587                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3554                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::total                3587                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     68078656                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3351336798                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    3419415454                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      9885337                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      9885337                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     68078656                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3361222135                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::total     3429300791                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     68078656                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3361222135                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::total    3429300791                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         8355                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::total              8389                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1499                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::total            1499                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::total               9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         8364                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::total               8398                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         8364                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::total              8398                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.424656                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.426869                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.666667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.424916                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::total          0.427126                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.424916                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::total         0.427126                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2062989.575758                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 944570.687148                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 954877.256074                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 1647556.166667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1647556.166667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2062989.575758                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 945757.494373                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 956035.904934                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2062989.575758                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 945757.494373                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 956035.904934                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l204.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l204.writebacks::writebacks                616                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.writebacks::total                     616                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3548                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           3581                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3554                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::total            3587                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3554                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::total           3587                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     65181160                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3039784176                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3104965336                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      9358537                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9358537                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     65181160                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3049142713                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3114323873                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     65181160                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3049142713                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3114323873                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.424656                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.426869                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.424916                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.427126                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.424916                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.427126                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1975186.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 856759.914318                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 867066.555711                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 1559756.166667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1559756.166667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1975186.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 857946.739730                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 868225.222470                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1975186.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 857946.739730                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 868225.222470                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l205.replacements                         2138                       # number of replacements
system.l205.tagsinuse                     2047.790932                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l205.total_refs                         121243                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.sampled_refs                         4186                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.avg_refs                        28.963927                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l205.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.739997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    18.378713                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   933.550942                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::cpu05.data        1066.121279                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014521                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.008974                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.455835                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::cpu05.data          0.520567                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::total               0.999898                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         3761                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::total                  3762                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::writebacks            672                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::total                 672                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::total                   9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data         3770                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::total                   3771                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data         3770                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::total                  3771                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2108                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::total                2138                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2108                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::total                 2138                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           30                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2108                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::total                2138                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     50361470                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1669875552                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1720237022                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     50361470                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1669875552                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::total     1720237022                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     50361470                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1669875552                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::total    1720237022                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         5869                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::total              5900                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          672                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::total             672                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::total               9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         5878                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::total               5909                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           31                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         5878                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::total              5909                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.359175                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.362373                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.358625                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::total          0.361821                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.358625                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::total         0.361821                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1678715.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 792161.077799                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 804601.039289                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1678715.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 792161.077799                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 804601.039289                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1678715.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 792161.077799                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 804601.039289                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l205.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l205.writebacks::writebacks                316                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.writebacks::total                     316                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2108                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2138                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2108                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::total            2138                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2108                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::total           2138                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     47727470                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1484793152                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1532520622                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     47727470                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1484793152                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1532520622                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     47727470                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1484793152                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1532520622                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.359175                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.362373                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.358625                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.361821                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.358625                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.361821                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1590915.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 704361.077799                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 716801.039289                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1590915.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 704361.077799                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 716801.039289                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1590915.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 704361.077799                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 716801.039289                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l206.replacements                         2134                       # number of replacements
system.l206.tagsinuse                     2047.788846                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l206.total_refs                         121257                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.sampled_refs                         4182                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.avg_refs                        28.994978                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l206.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.734460                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    19.144615                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   932.235657                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::cpu06.data        1066.674114                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014519                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.009348                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.455193                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::cpu06.data          0.520837                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::total               0.999897                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         3775                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::total                  3776                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::writebacks            672                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::total                 672                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::total                   9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data         3784                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::total                   3785                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data         3784                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::total                  3785                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2102                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::total                2134                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2102                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::total                 2134                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           32                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2102                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::total                2134                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     69796856                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1678913564                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1748710420                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     69796856                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1678913564                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::total     1748710420                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     69796856                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1678913564                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::total    1748710420                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         5877                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::total              5910                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          672                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::total             672                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::total               9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         5886                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::total               5919                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           33                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         5886                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::total              5919                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.969697                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.357665                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.361083                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.969697                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.357119                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::total          0.360534                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.969697                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.357119                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::total         0.360534                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2181151.750000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 798721.961941                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 819451.930647                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2181151.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 798721.961941                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 819451.930647                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2181151.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 798721.961941                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 819451.930647                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l206.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l206.writebacks::writebacks                315                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.writebacks::total                     315                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2102                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2134                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2102                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::total            2134                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2102                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::total           2134                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     66986257                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1494276833                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1561263090                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     66986257                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1494276833                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1561263090                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     66986257                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1494276833                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1561263090                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.357665                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.361083                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.357119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.360534                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.357119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.360534                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2093320.531250                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 710883.364891                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 731613.444236                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2093320.531250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 710883.364891                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 731613.444236                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2093320.531250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 710883.364891                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 731613.444236                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l207.replacements                         3373                       # number of replacements
system.l207.tagsinuse                     2047.558298                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l207.total_refs                         123689                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.sampled_refs                         5421                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.avg_refs                        22.816639                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l207.occ_blocks::writebacks          12.135933                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    19.828973                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   927.626045                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::cpu07.data        1087.967346                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005926                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.009682                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.452942                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::cpu07.data          0.531234                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::total               0.999784                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         4014                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::total                  4015                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::writebacks            863                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::total                 863                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data           10                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::total                  10                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data         4024                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::total                   4025                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data         4024                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::total                  4025                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3336                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::total                3370                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_misses::total                 5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3341                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::total                 3375                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3341                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::total                3375                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     59436468                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3057886296                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    3117322764                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      5972602                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      5972602                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     59436468                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3063858898                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::total     3123295366                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     59436468                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3063858898                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::total    3123295366                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         7350                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::total              7385                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          863                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::total             863                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::total              15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         7365                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::total               7400                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         7365                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::total              7400                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.453878                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.456330                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.453632                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::total          0.456081                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.453632                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::total         0.456081                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1748131.411765                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 916632.582734                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 925021.591691                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 1194520.400000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1194520.400000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1748131.411765                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 917048.457947                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 925420.849185                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1748131.411765                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 917048.457947                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 925420.849185                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l207.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l207.writebacks::writebacks                510                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.writebacks::total                     510                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3336                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           3370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3341                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::total            3375                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3341                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::total           3375                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     56451268                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2765110076                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2821561344                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      5533602                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5533602                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     56451268                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2770643678                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2827094946                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     56451268                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2770643678                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2827094946                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.453878                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.456330                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.453632                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.456081                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.453632                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.456081                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1660331.411765                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 828869.926859                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 837258.559050                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 1106720.400000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1106720.400000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1660331.411765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 829285.746184                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 837657.761778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1660331.411765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 829285.746184                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 837657.761778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l208.replacements                          980                       # number of replacements
system.l208.tagsinuse                     2047.513413                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l208.total_refs                         182354                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.sampled_refs                         3028                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.avg_refs                        60.222589                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l208.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.513413                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    29.254310                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   457.003219                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::cpu08.data        1522.742471                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018805                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.014284                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.223146                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::cpu08.data          0.743527                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::total               0.999762                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         3194                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::total                  3196                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::writebacks            980                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::total                 980                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::total                  15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data         3209                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::total                   3211                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data         3209                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::total                  3211                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          944                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::total                 980                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data          944                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::total                  980                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data          944                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::total                 980                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    100007389                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    794477362                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     894484751                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    100007389                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    794477362                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::total      894484751                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    100007389                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    794477362                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::total     894484751                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         4138                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::total              4176                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          980                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::total             980                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::total              15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         4153                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::total               4191                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         4153                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::total              4191                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.228130                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.234674                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.227306                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::total          0.233834                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.227306                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::total         0.233834                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2777983.027778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 841607.375000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 912739.541837                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2777983.027778                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 841607.375000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 912739.541837                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2777983.027778                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 841607.375000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 912739.541837                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l208.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l208.writebacks::writebacks                511                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.writebacks::total                     511                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          944                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            980                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          944                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::total             980                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          944                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::total            980                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     96846589                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    711586805                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    808433394                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     96846589                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    711586805                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    808433394                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     96846589                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    711586805                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    808433394                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.228130                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.234674                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.227306                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233834                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.227306                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233834                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2690183.027778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 753799.581568                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 824932.034694                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2690183.027778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 753799.581568                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 824932.034694                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2690183.027778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 753799.581568                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 824932.034694                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l209.replacements                         3582                       # number of replacements
system.l209.tagsinuse                     2047.898909                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l209.total_refs                         154591                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.sampled_refs                         5630                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.avg_refs                        27.458437                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l209.occ_blocks::writebacks           5.054804                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    14.796979                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data  1198.855596                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::cpu09.data         829.191530                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002468                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.007225                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.585379                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::cpu09.data          0.404879                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::total               0.999951                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         4809                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::total                  4810                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1501                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::total                1501                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data         4812                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::total                   4813                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data         4812                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::total                  4813                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3541                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::total                3576                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_misses::total                 6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3547                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::total                 3582                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3547                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::total                3582                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     79559477                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3363504690                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    3443064167                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      7952056                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      7952056                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     79559477                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3371456746                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::total     3451016223                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     79559477                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3371456746                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::total    3451016223                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         8350                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::total              8386                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1501                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::total            1501                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::total               9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         8359                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::total               8395                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         8359                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::total              8395                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.424072                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.426425                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.666667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.424333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::total          0.426683                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.424333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::total         0.426683                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2273127.914286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 949874.241740                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 962825.550056                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 1325342.666667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1325342.666667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2273127.914286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 950509.372991                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 963432.781407                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2273127.914286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 950509.372991                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 963432.781407                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l209.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l209.writebacks::writebacks                619                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.writebacks::total                     619                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3541                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           3576                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3547                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::total            3582                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3547                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::total           3582                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     76476727                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3051395370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3127872097                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      7423756                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7423756                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     76476727                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3058819126                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3135295853                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     76476727                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3058819126                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3135295853                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.424072                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.426425                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.424333                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.426683                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.424333                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.426683                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2185049.342857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 861732.665914                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 874684.590884                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 1237292.666667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1237292.666667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2185049.342857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 862367.952072                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 875291.974595                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2185049.342857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 862367.952072                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 875291.974595                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l210.replacements                         2137                       # number of replacements
system.l210.tagsinuse                     2047.796091                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l210.total_refs                         121254                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.sampled_refs                         4185                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.avg_refs                        28.973477                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l210.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.740722                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    17.910038                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   935.019021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::cpu10.data        1065.126310                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014522                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.008745                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.456552                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::cpu10.data          0.520081                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::total               0.999900                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         3769                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::total                  3770                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::writebacks            675                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::total                 675                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::total                   9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data         3778                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::total                   3779                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data         3778                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::total                  3779                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2107                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::total                2137                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2107                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::total                 2137                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           30                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2107                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::total                2137                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     59552501                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1677003788                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1736556289                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     59552501                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1677003788                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::total     1736556289                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     59552501                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1677003788                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::total    1736556289                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         5876                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::total              5907                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          675                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::total             675                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::total               9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         5885                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::total               5916                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           31                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         5885                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::total              5916                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.358577                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.361774                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.358029                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::total          0.361224                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.358029                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::total         0.361224                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1985083.366667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 795920.165164                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 812614.080019                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1985083.366667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 795920.165164                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 812614.080019                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1985083.366667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 795920.165164                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 812614.080019                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l210.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l210.writebacks::writebacks                314                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.writebacks::total                     314                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2107                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2137                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2107                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::total            2137                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2107                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::total           2137                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     56918501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1492009188                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1548927689                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     56918501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1492009188                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1548927689                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     56918501                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1492009188                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1548927689                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.358577                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.361774                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.358029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.361224                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.358029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.361224                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1897283.366667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 708120.165164                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 724814.080019                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1897283.366667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 708120.165164                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 724814.080019                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1897283.366667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 708120.165164                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 724814.080019                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l211.replacements                         1331                       # number of replacements
system.l211.tagsinuse                     2047.550740                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l211.total_refs                         158735                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.sampled_refs                         3379                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.avg_refs                        46.976916                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l211.occ_blocks::writebacks          27.040818                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    28.466589                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   622.048681                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::cpu11.data        1369.994652                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013204                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.013900                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.303735                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::cpu11.data          0.668943                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::total               0.999781                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         3106                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::total                  3108                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1013                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::total                1013                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::total                  18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data         3124                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::total                   3126                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data         3124                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::total                  3126                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1291                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::total                1331                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1291                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::total                 1331                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1291                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::total                1331                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     75640876                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1088865701                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1164506577                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     75640876                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1088865701                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::total     1164506577                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     75640876                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1088865701                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::total    1164506577                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         4397                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::total              4439                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1013                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::total            1013                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::total              18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         4415                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::total               4457                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         4415                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::total              4457                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.293609                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.299842                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.292412                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::total          0.298631                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.292412                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::total         0.298631                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1891021.900000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 843428.118513                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 874911.027047                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1891021.900000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 843428.118513                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 874911.027047                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1891021.900000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 843428.118513                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 874911.027047                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l211.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l211.writebacks::writebacks                570                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.writebacks::total                     570                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l211.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l211.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l211.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l211.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1290                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1330                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1290                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::total            1330                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1290                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::total           1330                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     72128126                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    975447618                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1047575744                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     72128126                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    975447618                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1047575744                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     72128126                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    975447618                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1047575744                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.293382                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.299617                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.292186                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.298407                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.292186                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.298407                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1803203.150000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 756160.944186                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 787650.935338                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1803203.150000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 756160.944186                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 787650.935338                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1803203.150000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 756160.944186                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 787650.935338                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l212.replacements                         2040                       # number of replacements
system.l212.tagsinuse                     2047.554596                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l212.total_refs                         180276                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.sampled_refs                         4088                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.avg_refs                        44.098826                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l212.occ_blocks::writebacks          47.738683                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    22.563612                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   856.133743                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::cpu12.data        1121.118558                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_percent::writebacks          0.023310                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.011017                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.418034                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::cpu12.data          0.547421                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::total               0.999783                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         3827                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::total                  3828                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::writebacks           2085                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::total                2085                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::total                  15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data         3842                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::total                   3843                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data         3842                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::total                  3843                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1999                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::total                2035                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_misses::total                 2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2001                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::total                 2037                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2001                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::total                2037                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     66860610                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1691291869                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1758152479                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      1797516                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      1797516                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     66860610                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1693089385                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::total     1759949995                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     66860610                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1693089385                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::total    1759949995                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         5826                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::total              5863                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         2085                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::total            2085                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::total              17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         5843                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::total               5880                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         5843                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::total              5880                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.343117                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.347092                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.117647                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.117647                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.342461                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::total          0.346429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.342461                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::total         0.346429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1857239.166667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 846068.968984                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 863956.992138                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       898758                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total       898758                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1857239.166667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 846121.631684                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 863991.161021                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1857239.166667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 846121.631684                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 863991.161021                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l212.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l212.writebacks::writebacks               1143                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.writebacks::total                    1143                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1999                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2035                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2001                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::total            2037                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2001                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::total           2037                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     63699409                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1515761430                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1579460839                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      1621916                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1621916                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     63699409                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1517383346                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1581082755                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     63699409                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1517383346                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1581082755                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.343117                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.347092                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.117647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.117647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.342461                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.342461                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1769428.027778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 758259.844922                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 776147.832432                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       810958                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       810958                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1769428.027778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 758312.516742                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 776182.010309                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1769428.027778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 758312.516742                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 776182.010309                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l213.replacements                          981                       # number of replacements
system.l213.tagsinuse                     2047.462684                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l213.total_refs                         182329                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.sampled_refs                         3029                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.avg_refs                        60.194454                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l213.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.462684                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    28.722151                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   457.607730                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::cpu13.data        1522.670119                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018781                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.014024                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.223441                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::cpu13.data          0.743491                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::total               0.999738                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         3175                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::total                  3177                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::writebacks            974                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::total                 974                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::total                  17                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data         3192                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::total                   3194                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data         3192                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::total                  3194                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          947                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::total                 981                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data          947                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::total                  981                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data          947                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::total                 981                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     94673563                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    782090546                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     876764109                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     94673563                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    782090546                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::total      876764109                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     94673563                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    782090546                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::total     876764109                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         4122                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::total              4158                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          974                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::total             974                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::total              17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         4139                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::total               4175                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         4139                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::total              4175                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.944444                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.229743                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.235931                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.944444                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.228799                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::total          0.234970                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.944444                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.228799                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::total         0.234970                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2784516.558824                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 825861.189018                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 893745.269113                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2784516.558824                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 825861.189018                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 893745.269113                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2784516.558824                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 825861.189018                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 893745.269113                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l213.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l213.writebacks::writebacks                513                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.writebacks::total                     513                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          947                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            981                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          947                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::total             981                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          947                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::total            981                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     91687851                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    698932510                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    790620361                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     91687851                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    698932510                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    790620361                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     91687851                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    698932510                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    790620361                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.229743                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.235931                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.228799                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.234970                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.228799                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.234970                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2696701.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 738049.112988                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 805933.089704                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2696701.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 738049.112988                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 805933.089704                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2696701.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 738049.112988                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 805933.089704                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l214.replacements                         2131                       # number of replacements
system.l214.tagsinuse                     2047.794111                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l214.total_refs                         121248                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.sampled_refs                         4179                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.avg_refs                        29.013640                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l214.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.740760                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    17.381582                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   933.396610                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::cpu14.data        1067.275159                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014522                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.008487                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.455760                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::cpu14.data          0.521130                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::total               0.999899                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         3766                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::total                  3767                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::writebacks            672                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::total                 672                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::total                   9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data         3775                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::total                   3776                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data         3775                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::total                  3776                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2103                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::total                2131                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2103                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::total                 2131                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           28                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2103                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::total                2131                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     59671492                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1673203805                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1732875297                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     59671492                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1673203805                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::total     1732875297                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     59671492                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1673203805                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::total    1732875297                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         5869                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::total              5898                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          672                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::total             672                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::total               9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         5878                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::total               5907                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         5878                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::total              5907                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.358323                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.361309                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.357775                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::total          0.360758                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.357775                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::total         0.360758                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2131124.714286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 795627.106515                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 813174.705303                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2131124.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 795627.106515                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 813174.705303                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2131124.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 795627.106515                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 813174.705303                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l214.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l214.writebacks::writebacks                315                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.writebacks::total                     315                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2103                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2131                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2103                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::total            2131                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2103                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::total           2131                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     57213092                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1488499116                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1545712208                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     57213092                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1488499116                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1545712208                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     57213092                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1488499116                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1545712208                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.358323                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.361309                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.357775                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.360758                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.357775                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.360758                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2043324.714286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 707797.962910                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 725345.944627                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2043324.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 707797.962910                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 725345.944627                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2043324.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 707797.962910                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 725345.944627                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l215.replacements                          979                       # number of replacements
system.l215.tagsinuse                     2047.461849                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l215.total_refs                         182325                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.sampled_refs                         3027                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.avg_refs                        60.232904                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l215.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.461849                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    28.727964                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   457.102392                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::cpu15.data        1523.169644                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018780                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.014027                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.223195                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::cpu15.data          0.743735                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::total               0.999737                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         3172                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::total                  3174                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::writebacks            973                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::total                 973                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::total                  17                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data         3189                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::total                   3191                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data         3189                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::total                  3191                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          945                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::total                 979                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data          945                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::total                  979                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data          945                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::total                 979                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     96005008                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    807172393                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     903177401                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     96005008                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    807172393                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::total      903177401                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     96005008                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    807172393                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::total     903177401                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         4117                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::total              4153                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          973                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::total             973                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::total              17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         4134                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::total               4170                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         4134                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::total              4170                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.944444                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.229536                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.235733                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.944444                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.228592                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::total          0.234772                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.944444                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.228592                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::total         0.234772                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2823676.705882                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 854150.680423                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 922550.971399                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2823676.705882                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 854150.680423                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 922550.971399                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2823676.705882                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 854150.680423                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 922550.971399                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l215.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l215.writebacks::writebacks                511                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.writebacks::total                     511                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          945                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            979                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          945                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::total             979                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          945                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::total            979                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     93019708                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    724182665                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    817202373                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     93019708                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    724182665                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    817202373                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     93019708                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    724182665                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    817202373                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.229536                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.235733                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.228592                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.234772                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.228592                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.234772                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2735873.764706                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 766330.862434                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 834731.739530                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2735873.764706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 766330.862434                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 834731.739530                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2735873.764706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 766330.862434                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 834731.739530                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              520.598485                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1001250709                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  525                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1907144.207619                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    30.598485                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.049036                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.834292                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1242660                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1242660                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1242660                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total        1242660                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1242660                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total       1242660                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     87029508                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     87029508                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     87029508                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     87029508                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     87029508                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     87029508                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1242715                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1242715                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1242715                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total      1242715                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1242715                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total      1242715                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1582354.690909                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1582354.690909                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1582354.690909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1582354.690909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1582354.690909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1582354.690909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     54666392                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     54666392                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     54666392                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     54666392                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     54666392                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     54666392                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1561896.914286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1561896.914286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1561896.914286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1561896.914286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1561896.914286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1561896.914286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                 7328                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              166551053                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                 7584                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             21960.845596                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   228.095952                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    27.904048                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.891000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.109000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       859101                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        859101                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       710773                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       710773                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         2019                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2019                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1658                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1658                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data      1569874                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total        1569874                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data      1569874                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total       1569874                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data        19206                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19206                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           95                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           95                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data        19301                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total        19301                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data        19301                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total        19301                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   8585144578                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8585144578                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     75788672                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     75788672                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   8660933250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8660933250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   8660933250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8660933250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       878307                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       878307                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       710868                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       710868                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         2019                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2019                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         1658                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1658                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      1589175                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1589175                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      1589175                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1589175                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.021867                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021867                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000134                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000134                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.012145                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012145                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.012145                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012145                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 447003.258253                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 447003.258253                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 797775.494737                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 797775.494737                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 448729.767888                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 448729.767888                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 448729.767888                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 448729.767888                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          865                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total             865                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        11894                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        11894                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data           79                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           79                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        11973                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        11973                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        11973                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        11973                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         7312                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7312                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         7328                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7328                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         7328                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7328                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3386936904                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3386936904                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      8848221                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8848221                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3395785125                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3395785125                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3395785125                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3395785125                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008325                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008325                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.004611                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004611                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.004611                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004611                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 463202.530635                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 463202.530635                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 553013.812500                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 553013.812500                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 463398.625136                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 463398.625136                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 463398.625136                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 463398.625136                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              486.961015                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs              998756015                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  491                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             2034126.303462                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    31.961015                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.051220                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.780386                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1393495                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1393495                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1393495                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total        1393495                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1393495                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total       1393495                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst    149965183                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    149965183                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst    149965183                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    149965183                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst    149965183                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    149965183                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1393543                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1393543                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1393543                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total      1393543                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1393543                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total      1393543                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 3124274.645833                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 3124274.645833                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 3124274.645833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 3124274.645833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 3124274.645833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 3124274.645833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      2733185                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 683296.250000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     97521988                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     97521988                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     97521988                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     97521988                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     97521988                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     97521988                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2708944.111111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2708944.111111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2708944.111111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2708944.111111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2708944.111111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2708944.111111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                 4136                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              148301316                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                 4392                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             33766.237705                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   218.611650                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    37.388350                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.853952                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.146048                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      1110331                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1110331                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       823555                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       823555                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         2094                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2094                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         2000                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         2000                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data      1933886                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total        1933886                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data      1933886                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total       1933886                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        10650                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        10650                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          104                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          104                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data        10754                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total        10754                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data        10754                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total        10754                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2404589582                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2404589582                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      7214208                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7214208                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2411803790                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2411803790                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2411803790                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2411803790                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      1120981                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1120981                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       823659                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       823659                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         2094                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2094                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         2000                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         2000                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      1944640                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1944640                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      1944640                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1944640                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.009501                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009501                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000126                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000126                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.005530                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005530                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.005530                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005530                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 225783.059343                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 225783.059343                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 69367.384615                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 69367.384615                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 224270.391482                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 224270.391482                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 224270.391482                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 224270.391482                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          974                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total             974                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         6530                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         6530                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data           87                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           87                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         6617                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         6617                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         6617                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         6617                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         4120                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4120                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         4137                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4137                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         4137                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4137                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1004225366                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1004225366                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      1202215                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1202215                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1005427581                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1005427581                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1005427581                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1005427581                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.003675                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003675                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002127                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002127                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002127                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002127                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 243744.020874                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 243744.020874                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 70718.529412                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70718.529412                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 243033.014503                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 243033.014503                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 243033.014503                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 243033.014503                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              554.148756                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs              915116947                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1642938.863555                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    28.087867                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst   526.060889                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.045013                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.843046                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.888059                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1298400                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1298400                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1298400                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total        1298400                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1298400                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total       1298400                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     86350236                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     86350236                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     86350236                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     86350236                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     86350236                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     86350236                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1298443                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1298443                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1298443                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total      1298443                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1298443                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total      1298443                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000033                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000033                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000033                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2008145.023256                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2008145.023256                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2008145.023256                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2008145.023256                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2008145.023256                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2008145.023256                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     64215005                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     64215005                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     64215005                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     64215005                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     64215005                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     64215005                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2140500.166667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2140500.166667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2140500.166667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2140500.166667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2140500.166667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2140500.166667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                 5895                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              204390313                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                 6151                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             33228.794180                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   184.622611                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    71.377389                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.721182                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.278818                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      1932185                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1932185                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       354077                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       354077                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          835                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          835                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          829                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          829                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data      2286262                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total        2286262                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data      2286262                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total       2286262                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        20875                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        20875                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data           37                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           37                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        20912                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total        20912                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        20912                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total        20912                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   9597841401                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   9597841401                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      3172976                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      3172976                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   9601014377                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   9601014377                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   9601014377                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   9601014377                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      1953060                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1953060                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       354114                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       354114                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          835                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          835                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          829                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          829                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      2307174                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2307174                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      2307174                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2307174                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.010688                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010688                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000104                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.009064                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009064                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.009064                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009064                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 459776.833581                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 459776.833581                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 85756.108108                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85756.108108                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 459115.071586                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 459115.071586                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 459115.071586                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 459115.071586                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          675                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total             675                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        14989                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        14989                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data           28                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           28                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        15017                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        15017                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        15017                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        15017                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         5886                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5886                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         5895                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5895                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         5895                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5895                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1953308216                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1953308216                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       582006                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       582006                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1953890222                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1953890222                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1953890222                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1953890222                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003014                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003014                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002555                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002555                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002555                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002555                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 331856.645600                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 331856.645600                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 64667.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64667.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 331448.722986                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 331448.722986                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 331448.722986                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 331448.722986                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              568.799463                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs             1026180583                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  580                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1769276.867241                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    27.022217                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst   541.777246                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.043305                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.868233                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.911538                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1239257                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1239257                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1239257                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total        1239257                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1239257                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total       1239257                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    102266898                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    102266898                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    102266898                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    102266898                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    102266898                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    102266898                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1239310                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1239310                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1239310                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total      1239310                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1239310                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total      1239310                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1929564.113208                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1929564.113208                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1929564.113208                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1929564.113208                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1929564.113208                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1929564.113208                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     75719998                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     75719998                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     75719998                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     75719998                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     75719998                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     75719998                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2046486.432432                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2046486.432432                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2046486.432432                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2046486.432432                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2046486.432432                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2046486.432432                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                 8386                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              404547881                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                 8642                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             46811.835339                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   111.139057                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data   144.860943                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.434137                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.565863                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      3236753                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3236753                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      1771345                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1771345                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          870                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          870                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          864                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          864                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data      5008098                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total        5008098                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data      5008098                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total       5008098                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        30544                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        30544                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data        30574                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total        30574                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data        30574                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total        30574                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  14100252504                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  14100252504                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     33271464                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     33271464                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  14133523968                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  14133523968                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  14133523968                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  14133523968                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      3267297                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3267297                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      1771375                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1771375                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          870                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          870                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          864                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          864                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      5038672                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total      5038672                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      5038672                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total      5038672                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.009348                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009348                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000017                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000017                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.006068                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006068                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.006068                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006068                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 461637.392090                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 461637.392090                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 1109048.800000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1109048.800000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 462272.648917                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 462272.648917                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 462272.648917                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 462272.648917                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1504                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total            1504                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        22167                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        22167                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        22188                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        22188                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        22188                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        22188                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         8377                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8377                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         8386                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         8386                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         8386                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8386                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3717150338                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3717150338                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      9917632                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9917632                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3727067970                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3727067970                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3727067970                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3727067970                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002564                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002564                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.001664                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001664                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.001664                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001664                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 443732.880267                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 443732.880267                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 1101959.111111                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1101959.111111                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 444439.300024                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 444439.300024                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 444439.300024                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 444439.300024                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              569.374178                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs             1026178896                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  577                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1778472.956672                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    27.964537                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst   541.409641                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.044815                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.867644                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.912459                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1237570                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1237570                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1237570                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total        1237570                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1237570                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total       1237570                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     92989359                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     92989359                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     92989359                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     92989359                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     92989359                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     92989359                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1237620                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1237620                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1237620                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total      1237620                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1237620                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total      1237620                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1859787.180000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1859787.180000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1859787.180000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1859787.180000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1859787.180000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1859787.180000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        27814                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        27814                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     68418629                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     68418629                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     68418629                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     68418629                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     68418629                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     68418629                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2012312.617647                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2012312.617647                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2012312.617647                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2012312.617647                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2012312.617647                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2012312.617647                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                 8364                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              404538521                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                 8620                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             46930.222854                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   111.128254                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data   144.871746                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.434095                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.565905                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      3230838                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3230838                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      1767905                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1767905                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          867                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          867                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          862                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          862                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data      4998743                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total        4998743                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data      4998743                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total       4998743                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data        30411                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        30411                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data        30441                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total        30441                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data        30441                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total        30441                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  14176614699                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  14176614699                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     34817111                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     34817111                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  14211431810                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  14211431810                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  14211431810                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  14211431810                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      3261249                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3261249                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      1767935                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1767935                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          867                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          867                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          862                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          862                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      5029184                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total      5029184                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      5029184                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total      5029184                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.009325                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009325                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000017                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000017                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.006053                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006053                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.006053                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006053                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 466167.330867                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 466167.330867                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 1160570.366667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1160570.366667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 466851.674058                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 466851.674058                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 466851.674058                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 466851.674058                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1499                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total            1499                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        22056                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        22056                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        22077                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        22077                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        22077                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        22077                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         8355                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8355                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         8364                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         8364                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         8364                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8364                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3709358254                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3709358254                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     10127437                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10127437                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3719485691                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3719485691                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3719485691                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3719485691                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002562                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002562                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.001663                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001663                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.001663                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001663                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 443968.671933                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 443968.671933                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 1125270.777778                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1125270.777778                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 444701.780368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 444701.780368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 444701.780368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 444701.780368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              553.456500                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs              915118993                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  558                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1639998.195341                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    27.395238                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst   526.061262                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.043903                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.843047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.886950                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1300446                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1300446                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1300446                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total        1300446                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1300446                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total       1300446                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     64271490                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     64271490                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     64271490                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     64271490                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     64271490                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     64271490                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1300489                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1300489                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1300489                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total      1300489                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1300489                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total      1300489                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000033                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000033                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000033                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1494685.813953                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1494685.813953                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1494685.813953                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1494685.813953                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1494685.813953                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1494685.813953                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     50694550                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     50694550                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     50694550                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     50694550                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     50694550                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     50694550                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1635308.064516                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1635308.064516                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1635308.064516                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1635308.064516                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1635308.064516                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1635308.064516                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                 5878                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              204392161                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                 6134                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             33321.186991                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   185.708288                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    70.291712                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.725423                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.274577                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      1934022                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1934022                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       354089                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       354089                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          834                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          834                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          829                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          829                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data      2288111                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total        2288111                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data      2288111                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total       2288111                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        20831                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        20831                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data           37                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           37                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data        20868                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total        20868                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data        20868                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total        20868                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   9433880914                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   9433880914                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      3147193                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      3147193                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   9437028107                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   9437028107                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   9437028107                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   9437028107                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      1954853                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1954853                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       354126                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       354126                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          834                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          834                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          829                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          829                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      2308979                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2308979                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      2308979                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2308979                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.010656                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010656                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000104                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.009038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.009038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 452877.006097                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 452877.006097                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 85059.270270                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85059.270270                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 452224.846991                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 452224.846991                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 452224.846991                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 452224.846991                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          672                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total             672                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        14962                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        14962                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data           28                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           28                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        14990                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14990                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        14990                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14990                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         5869                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5869                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         5878                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5878                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         5878                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5878                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1934135315                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1934135315                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       576900                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       576900                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1934712215                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1934712215                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1934712215                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1934712215                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003002                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003002                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002546                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002546                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002546                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002546                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 329551.084512                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 329551.084512                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 329144.643586                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 329144.643586                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 329144.643586                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 329144.643586                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              554.965499                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs              915118303                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  560                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1634139.826786                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    28.904491                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst   526.061007                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.046321                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.843046                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.889368                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1299756                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1299756                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1299756                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total        1299756                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1299756                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total       1299756                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     98768465                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     98768465                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     98768465                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     98768465                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     98768465                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     98768465                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1299805                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1299805                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1299805                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total      1299805                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1299805                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total      1299805                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2015682.959184                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2015682.959184                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2015682.959184                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2015682.959184                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2015682.959184                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2015682.959184                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       919730                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       919730                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     70141219                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     70141219                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     70141219                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     70141219                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     70141219                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     70141219                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2125491.484848                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2125491.484848                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2125491.484848                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2125491.484848                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2125491.484848                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2125491.484848                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                 5886                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              204391073                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                 6142                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             33277.608759                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   184.521423                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    71.478577                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.720787                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.279213                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      1932947                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1932947                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       354079                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       354079                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          832                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          832                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          828                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          828                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data      2287026                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total        2287026                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data      2287026                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total       2287026                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data        20926                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        20926                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           37                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           37                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        20963                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total        20963                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        20963                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total        20963                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   9586876558                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   9586876558                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      3165758                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      3165758                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   9590042316                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   9590042316                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   9590042316                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   9590042316                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      1953873                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1953873                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       354116                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       354116                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          832                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          832                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          828                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          828                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      2307989                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2307989                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      2307989                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2307989                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.010710                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010710                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000104                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.009083                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009083                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.009083                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009083                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 458132.302303                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 458132.302303                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 85561.027027                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85561.027027                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 457474.708582                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 457474.708582                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 457474.708582                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 457474.708582                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          672                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total             672                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        15049                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        15049                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data           28                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           28                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        15077                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        15077                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        15077                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        15077                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         5877                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5877                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         5886                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5886                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         5886                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5886                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1943791150                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1943791150                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       576900                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       576900                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1944368050                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1944368050                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1944368050                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1944368050                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.003008                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003008                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002550                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002550                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002550                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002550                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 330745.473881                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 330745.473881                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 330337.759089                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 330337.759089                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 330337.759089                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 330337.759089                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              520.401601                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs             1001252086                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  525                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1907146.830476                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    30.401601                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.048721                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.833977                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1244037                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1244037                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1244037                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total        1244037                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1244037                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total       1244037                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     95538777                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     95538777                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     95538777                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     95538777                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     95538777                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     95538777                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1244092                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1244092                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1244092                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total      1244092                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1244092                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total      1244092                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1737068.672727                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1737068.672727                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1737068.672727                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1737068.672727                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1737068.672727                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1737068.672727                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     59784925                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     59784925                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     59784925                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     59784925                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     59784925                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     59784925                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1708140.714286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1708140.714286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1708140.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1708140.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1708140.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1708140.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                 7363                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              166552438                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                 7619                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             21860.144113                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   228.079463                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    27.920537                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.890935                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.109065                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       860393                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        860393                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       710864                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       710864                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         2020                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2020                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1659                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1659                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data      1571257                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total        1571257                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data      1571257                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total       1571257                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data        19298                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19298                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data           93                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           93                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data        19391                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total        19391                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data        19391                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total        19391                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   8533293514                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8533293514                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     56321554                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     56321554                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   8589615068                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8589615068                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   8589615068                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8589615068                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       879691                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       879691                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       710957                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       710957                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         2020                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2020                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         1659                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1659                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      1590648                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1590648                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      1590648                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1590648                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.021937                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021937                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000131                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000131                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.012191                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012191                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.012191                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012191                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 442185.382630                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 442185.382630                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 605608.107527                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 605608.107527                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 442969.164458                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 442969.164458                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 442969.164458                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 442969.164458                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          863                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total             863                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        11948                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        11948                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data           78                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           78                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        12026                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        12026                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        12026                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        12026                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         7350                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7350                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         7365                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7365                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         7365                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7365                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3349535512                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3349535512                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      6655102                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6655102                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3356190614                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3356190614                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3356190614                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3356190614                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008355                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008355                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.004630                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004630                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.004630                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004630                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 455719.117279                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 455719.117279                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 443673.466667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 443673.466667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 455694.584386                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 455694.584386                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 455694.584386                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 455694.584386                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              487.486000                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs              998754942                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  493                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             2025872.093306                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    32.486000                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.052061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.781228                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1392422                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1392422                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1392422                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total        1392422                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1392422                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total       1392422                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    156478636                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    156478636                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    156478636                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    156478636                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    156478636                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    156478636                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1392475                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1392475                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1392475                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total      1392475                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1392475                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total      1392475                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2952427.094340                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2952427.094340                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2952427.094340                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2952427.094340                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2952427.094340                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2952427.094340                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      3384736                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 1128245.333333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    100463107                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    100463107                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    100463107                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    100463107                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    100463107                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    100463107                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2643765.973684                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2643765.973684                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2643765.973684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2643765.973684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2643765.973684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2643765.973684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                 4153                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              148299159                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                 4409                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             33635.554321                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   218.569202                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    37.430798                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.853786                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.146214                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      1108519                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1108519                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       823196                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       823196                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         2108                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2108                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         2000                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         2000                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data      1931715                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total        1931715                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data      1931715                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total       1931715                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        10727                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        10727                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data           55                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           55                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        10782                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total        10782                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        10782                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total        10782                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2406800881                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2406800881                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      4775356                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      4775356                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2411576237                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2411576237                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2411576237                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2411576237                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      1119246                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1119246                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       823251                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       823251                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         2108                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2108                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         2000                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         2000                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      1942497                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1942497                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      1942497                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1942497                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.009584                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009584                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000067                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000067                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.005551                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005551                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.005551                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005551                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 224368.498275                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 224368.498275                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 86824.654545                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86824.654545                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 223666.874142                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 223666.874142                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 223666.874142                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 223666.874142                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          980                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total             980                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         6589                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         6589                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data           40                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           40                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         6629                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         6629                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         6629                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         6629                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         4138                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4138                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         4153                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4153                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         4153                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4153                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1010667988                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1010667988                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      1014871                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1014871                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1011682859                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1011682859                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1011682859                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1011682859                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.003697                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003697                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002138                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002138                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002138                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002138                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 244240.693088                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 244240.693088                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 67658.066667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67658.066667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 243602.903684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 243602.903684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 243602.903684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 243602.903684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              569.499326                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs             1026178418                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  579                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1772328.873921                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    27.344479                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst   542.154847                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.043821                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.868838                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.912659                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1237092                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1237092                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1237092                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total        1237092                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1237092                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total       1237092                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    109474257                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    109474257                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    109474257                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    109474257                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    109474257                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    109474257                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1237143                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1237143                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1237143                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total      1237143                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1237143                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total      1237143                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2146554.058824                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2146554.058824                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2146554.058824                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2146554.058824                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2146554.058824                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2146554.058824                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       570389                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 285194.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     79915761                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     79915761                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     79915761                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     79915761                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     79915761                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     79915761                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2219882.250000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2219882.250000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2219882.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2219882.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2219882.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2219882.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                 8359                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              404541367                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                 8615                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             46957.790714                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   111.142319                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data   144.857681                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.434150                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.565850                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      3232506                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3232506                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      1769080                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1769080                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          868                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          868                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          864                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          864                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data      5001586                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total        5001586                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data      5001586                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total       5001586                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data        30331                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        30331                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data        30361                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total        30361                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data        30361                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total        30361                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  14141576941                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  14141576941                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     27647563                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     27647563                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  14169224504                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  14169224504                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  14169224504                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  14169224504                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      3262837                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3262837                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      1769110                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1769110                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          868                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          868                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          864                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          864                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      5031947                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total      5031947                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      5031947                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total      5031947                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.009296                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009296                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000017                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000017                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.006034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.006034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 466241.697966                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 466241.697966                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 921585.433333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 921585.433333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 466691.627548                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 466691.627548                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 466691.627548                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 466691.627548                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1501                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total            1501                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        21981                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        21981                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        22002                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        22002                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        22002                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        22002                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         8350                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8350                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         8359                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         8359                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         8359                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8359                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3721588978                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3721588978                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      8194841                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8194841                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3729783819                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3729783819                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3729783819                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3729783819                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002559                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002559                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.001661                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001661                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.001661                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001661                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 445699.278802                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 445699.278802                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 910537.888889                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 910537.888889                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 446199.763010                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 446199.763010                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 446199.763010                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 446199.763010                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              554.152823                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs              915118179                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  558                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1639996.736559                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    28.242578                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst   525.910245                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.045261                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.842805                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.888065                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1299632                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1299632                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1299632                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total        1299632                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1299632                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total       1299632                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     81345609                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     81345609                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     81345609                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     81345609                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     81345609                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     81345609                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1299677                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1299677                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1299677                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total      1299677                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1299677                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total      1299677                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1807680.200000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1807680.200000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1807680.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1807680.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1807680.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1807680.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     59878790                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     59878790                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     59878790                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     59878790                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     59878790                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     59878790                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1931573.870968                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1931573.870968                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1931573.870968                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1931573.870968                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1931573.870968                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1931573.870968                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                 5885                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              204391075                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                 6141                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             33283.028008                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   185.405451                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    70.594549                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.724240                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.275760                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      1932942                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1932942                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       354083                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       354083                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          834                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          834                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          829                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          829                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data      2287025                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total        2287025                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data      2287025                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total       2287025                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        20911                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        20911                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data           37                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           37                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data        20948                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total        20948                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data        20948                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total        20948                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   9546008260                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   9546008260                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      3198565                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      3198565                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   9549206825                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   9549206825                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   9549206825                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   9549206825                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      1953853                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1953853                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       354120                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       354120                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          834                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          834                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          829                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          829                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      2307973                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2307973                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      2307973                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2307973                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.010702                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010702                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000104                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.009076                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009076                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.009076                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009076                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 456506.540099                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 456506.540099                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 86447.702703                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86447.702703                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 455852.913166                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 455852.913166                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 455852.913166                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 455852.913166                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          675                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total             675                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        15035                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        15035                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data           28                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           28                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        15063                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        15063                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        15063                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        15063                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         5876                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5876                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         5885                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5885                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         5885                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5885                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1941564171                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1941564171                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       592141                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       592141                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1942156312                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1942156312                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1942156312                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1942156312                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.003007                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003007                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002550                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002550                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002550                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002550                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 330422.765657                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 330422.765657                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 65793.444444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65793.444444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 330018.064911                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 330018.064911                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 330018.064911                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 330018.064911                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              508.824451                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs              995621174                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1925766.294004                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    33.824451                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.054206                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.815424                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1358072                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1358072                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1358072                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total        1358072                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1358072                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total       1358072                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           61                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           61                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           61                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           61                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           61                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           61                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     96271356                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     96271356                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     96271356                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     96271356                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     96271356                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     96271356                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1358133                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1358133                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1358133                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total      1358133                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1358133                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total      1358133                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1578218.950820                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1578218.950820                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1578218.950820                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1578218.950820                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1578218.950820                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1578218.950820                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       323952                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       323952                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     76132282                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     76132282                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     76132282                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     76132282                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     76132282                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     76132282                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1812673.380952                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1812673.380952                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1812673.380952                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1812673.380952                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1812673.380952                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1812673.380952                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                 4415                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              151944989                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                 4671                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             32529.434596                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   223.801607                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data    32.198393                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.874225                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.125775                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       933553                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        933553                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       784697                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       784697                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1966                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1966                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1890                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1890                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data      1718250                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total        1718250                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data      1718250                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total       1718250                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data        14010                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        14010                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          106                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          106                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data        14116                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total        14116                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data        14116                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total        14116                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   4743969174                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4743969174                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      8796662                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8796662                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   4752765836                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   4752765836                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   4752765836                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   4752765836                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       947563                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       947563                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       784803                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       784803                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         1966                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1966                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         1890                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1890                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      1732366                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1732366                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      1732366                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1732366                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.014785                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014785                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000135                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000135                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008148                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008148                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008148                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008148                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 338613.074518                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 338613.074518                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 82987.377358                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82987.377358                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 336693.527628                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 336693.527628                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 336693.527628                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 336693.527628                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1013                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total            1013                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         9613                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         9613                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data           88                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           88                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         9701                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         9701                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         9701                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         9701                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         4397                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4397                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         4415                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4415                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         4415                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4415                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1301962561                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1301962561                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      1186304                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1186304                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1303148865                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1303148865                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1303148865                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1303148865                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.004640                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004640                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002549                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002549                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002549                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002549                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 296102.470093                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 296102.470093                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 65905.777778                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65905.777778                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 295163.955832                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 295163.955832                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 295163.955832                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 295163.955832                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              512.447429                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs              996850246                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1920713.383430                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    30.447429                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.048794                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.821230                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1287800                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1287800                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1287800                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total        1287800                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1287800                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total       1287800                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     94353778                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     94353778                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     94353778                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     94353778                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     94353778                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     94353778                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1287848                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1287848                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1287848                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total      1287848                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1287848                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total      1287848                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1965703.708333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1965703.708333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1965703.708333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1965703.708333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1965703.708333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1965703.708333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     67277954                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     67277954                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     67277954                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     67277954                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     67277954                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     67277954                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1818323.081081                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1818323.081081                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1818323.081081                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1818323.081081                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1818323.081081                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1818323.081081                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                 5843                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              157770455                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                 6099                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             25868.249713                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   226.827056                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    29.172944                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.886043                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.113957                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       906301                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        906301                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       765761                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       765761                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1798                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1798                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1761                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1761                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data      1672062                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total        1672062                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data      1672062                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total       1672062                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data        20180                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        20180                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          679                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          679                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data        20859                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total        20859                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data        20859                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total        20859                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   8252335622                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8252335622                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    569734051                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    569734051                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   8822069673                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8822069673                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   8822069673                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8822069673                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       926481                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       926481                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       766440                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       766440                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         1798                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1798                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         1761                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1761                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      1692921                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1692921                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      1692921                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1692921                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.021781                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021781                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000886                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000886                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.012321                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012321                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.012321                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012321                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 408936.353915                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 408936.353915                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 839078.131075                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 839078.131075                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 422938.284338                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 422938.284338                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 422938.284338                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 422938.284338                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      7146836                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets            10                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 714683.600000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2085                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total            2085                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        14354                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        14354                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          662                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          662                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        15016                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        15016                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        15016                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        15016                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         5826                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5826                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         5843                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5843                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         5843                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5843                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1959644347                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1959644347                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      2795596                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2795596                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1962439943                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1962439943                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1962439943                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1962439943                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.006288                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006288                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.003451                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003451                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.003451                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003451                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 336361.885857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 336361.885857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 164446.823529                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164446.823529                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 335861.705117                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 335861.705117                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 335861.705117                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 335861.705117                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              486.961563                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs              998756312                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  491                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             2034126.908350                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    31.961563                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.051220                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.780387                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1393792                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1393792                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1393792                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total        1393792                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1393792                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total       1393792                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    146156834                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    146156834                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    146156834                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    146156834                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    146156834                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    146156834                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1393840                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1393840                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1393840                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total      1393840                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1393840                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total      1393840                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 3044934.041667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 3044934.041667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 3044934.041667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 3044934.041667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 3044934.041667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 3044934.041667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      2726576                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 908858.666667                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     95085298                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     95085298                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     95085298                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     95085298                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     95085298                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     95085298                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2641258.277778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2641258.277778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2641258.277778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2641258.277778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2641258.277778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2641258.277778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                 4139                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              148301762                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                 4395                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             33743.290557                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   218.622949                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    37.377051                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.853996                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.146004                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      1110574                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1110574                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       823754                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       823754                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         2096                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2096                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         2002                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         2002                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data      1934328                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total        1934328                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data      1934328                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total       1934328                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        10655                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        10655                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          104                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          104                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data        10759                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total        10759                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data        10759                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total        10759                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2387832880                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2387832880                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      7214985                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7214985                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2395047865                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2395047865                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2395047865                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2395047865                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      1121229                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1121229                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       823858                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       823858                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         2096                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2096                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         2002                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         2002                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      1945087                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1945087                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      1945087                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1945087                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.009503                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009503                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000126                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000126                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.005531                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005531                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.005531                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005531                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 224104.446739                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 224104.446739                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 69374.855769                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 69374.855769                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 222608.780091                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 222608.780091                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 222608.780091                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 222608.780091                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          974                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total             974                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         6533                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         6533                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data           87                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           87                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         6620                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         6620                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         6620                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         6620                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         4122                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4122                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         4139                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4139                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         4139                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4139                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    996999566                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    996999566                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      1202024                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1202024                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    998201590                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    998201590                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    998201590                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    998201590                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.003676                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003676                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002128                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002128                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002128                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002128                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 241872.771955                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 241872.771955                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 70707.294118                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70707.294118                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 241169.748732                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 241169.748732                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 241169.748732                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 241169.748732                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              553.620041                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs              915118376                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  556                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1645896.359712                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    27.558540                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst   526.061501                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.044164                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.843047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.887212                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1299829                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1299829                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1299829                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total        1299829                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1299829                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total       1299829                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     81364367                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     81364367                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     81364367                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     81364367                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     81364367                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     81364367                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1299872                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1299872                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1299872                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total      1299872                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1299872                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total      1299872                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000033                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000033                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000033                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1892194.581395                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1892194.581395                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1892194.581395                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1892194.581395                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1892194.581395                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1892194.581395                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     59981322                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     59981322                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     59981322                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     59981322                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     59981322                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     59981322                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2068321.448276                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2068321.448276                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2068321.448276                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2068321.448276                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2068321.448276                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2068321.448276                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                 5878                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              204390551                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                 6134                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             33320.924519                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   185.496678                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    70.503322                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.724596                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.275404                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      1932742                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1932742                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       353762                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       353762                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          832                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          832                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          828                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          828                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data      2286504                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total        2286504                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data      2286504                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total       2286504                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        20927                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        20927                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data           37                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           37                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        20964                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total        20964                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        20964                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total        20964                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   9504208592                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   9504208592                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      3095606                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      3095606                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   9507304198                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   9507304198                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   9507304198                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   9507304198                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      1953669                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1953669                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       353799                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       353799                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          832                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          832                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          828                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          828                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      2307468                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2307468                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      2307468                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2307468                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.010712                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010712                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000105                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000105                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.009085                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009085                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.009085                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009085                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 454160.108568                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 454160.108568                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 83665.027027                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83665.027027                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 453506.210551                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 453506.210551                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 453506.210551                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 453506.210551                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          672                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total             672                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        15058                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        15058                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data           28                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           28                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        15086                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        15086                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        15086                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        15086                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         5869                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5869                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         5878                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5878                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         5878                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5878                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1937637072                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1937637072                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       576900                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       576900                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1938213972                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1938213972                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1938213972                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1938213972                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.003004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002547                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002547                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002547                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002547                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 330147.737604                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 330147.737604                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 329740.383124                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 329740.383124                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 329740.383124                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 329740.383124                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              486.957946                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs              998754627                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  491                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             2034123.476578                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    31.957946                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.051215                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.780381                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1392107                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1392107                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1392107                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total        1392107                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1392107                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total       1392107                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    149114115                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    149114115                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    149114115                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    149114115                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    149114115                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    149114115                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1392155                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1392155                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1392155                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total      1392155                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1392155                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total      1392155                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 3106544.062500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 3106544.062500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 3106544.062500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 3106544.062500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 3106544.062500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 3106544.062500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      2727820                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 909273.333333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     96419950                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     96419950                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     96419950                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     96419950                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     96419950                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     96419950                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2678331.944444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2678331.944444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2678331.944444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2678331.944444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2678331.944444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2678331.944444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                 4134                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              148299387                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                 4390                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             33781.181549                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   218.587818                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    37.412182                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.853859                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.146141                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      1109235                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1109235                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       822725                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       822725                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         2093                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2093                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1998                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1998                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data      1931960                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total        1931960                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data      1931960                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total       1931960                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data        10642                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        10642                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          104                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          104                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data        10746                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total        10746                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data        10746                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total        10746                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2445489153                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2445489153                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      7234728                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7234728                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2452723881                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2452723881                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2452723881                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2452723881                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      1119877                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1119877                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       822829                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       822829                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         2093                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2093                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         1998                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1998                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      1942706                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1942706                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      1942706                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1942706                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.009503                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009503                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000126                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000126                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.005531                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005531                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.005531                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005531                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 229796.011370                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 229796.011370                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 69564.692308                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 69564.692308                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 228245.289503                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 228245.289503                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 228245.289503                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 228245.289503                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          973                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total             973                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         6525                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         6525                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data           87                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           87                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         6612                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         6612                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         6612                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         6612                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         4117                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4117                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         4134                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4134                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         4134                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4134                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1021882818                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1021882818                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      1204710                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1204710                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1023087528                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1023087528                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1023087528                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1023087528                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.003676                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003676                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002128                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002128                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002128                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002128                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 248210.546029                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 248210.546029                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 70865.294118                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70865.294118                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 247481.259797                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 247481.259797                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 247481.259797                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 247481.259797                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
