
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.001082                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  1082090814                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               400284232242                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 428084                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   557011                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                  39301                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67611364                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 27533.07                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 11786469529                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   15336226247                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         3072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data        24320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         3968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data        45696                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data        19072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data        79488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data        19456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data        28544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         3200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data        28544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data        19712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data        76800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         3200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data        27648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         1408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data        16128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data        45184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         3712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data        44288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         3712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data        19712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         3072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data        24832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data        45184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total               615296                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         3072                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         3968                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         3200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         3200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         1408                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4096                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         3712                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         3712                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         3072                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4096                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           50688                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks       228736                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total            228736                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           24                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data          190                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           31                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data          357                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data          149                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data          621                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data          152                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data          223                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           25                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data          223                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data          154                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data          600                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           25                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data          216                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           11                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data          126                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           32                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data          353                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           29                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data          346                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           29                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data          154                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           24                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data          194                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           32                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data          353                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                  4807                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            1787                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 1787                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst      2838948                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     22475008                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst      3666975                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     42229358                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst      3193817                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     17625138                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst      1656053                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     73457790                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst      3193817                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     17980007                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst      3075527                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     26378562                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst      2957238                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     26378562                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst      3193817                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     18216586                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst      1537764                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     70973710                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst      2957238                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     25550536                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst      1301185                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     14904479                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst      3785265                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     41756200                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst      3430396                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     40928173                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst      3430396                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     18216586                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst      2838948                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     22948166                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst      3785265                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     41756200                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               568617709                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst      2838948                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst      3666975                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst      3193817                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst      1656053                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst      3193817                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst      3075527                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst      2957238                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst      3193817                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst      1537764                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst      2957238                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst      1301185                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst      3785265                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst      3430396                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst      3430396                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst      2838948                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst      3785265                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total           46842649                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         211383367                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              211383367                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         211383367                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst      2838948                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     22475008                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst      3666975                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     42229358                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst      3193817                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     17625138                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst      1656053                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     73457790                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst      3193817                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     17980007                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst      3075527                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     26378562                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst      2957238                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     26378562                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst      3193817                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     18216586                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst      1537764                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     70973710                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst      2957238                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     25550536                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst      1301185                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     14904479                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst      3785265                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     41756200                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst      3430396                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     40928173                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst      3430396                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     18216586                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst      2838948                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     22948166                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst      3785265                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     41756200                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              780001077                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles                2594943                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups         209696                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted       171757                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22405                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        86152                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits          79724                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS          21234                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1037                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2010457                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts              1197549                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches            209696                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches       100958                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles              262063                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles         64131                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles        66669                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines          125403                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22108                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples      2380543                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615788                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.970638                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0        2118480     88.99%     88.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1          27883      1.17%     90.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2          32917      1.38%     91.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3          17713      0.74%     92.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4          19650      0.83%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5          11719      0.49%     93.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6           7612      0.32%     93.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7          20365      0.86%     94.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8         124204      5.22%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total      2380543                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.080809                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.461493                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles        1992881                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles        84896                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles          259390                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles         2417                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles        40955                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved        33996                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          399                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts      1460751                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         2174                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles        40955                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles        1996765                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles         16105                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles        59006                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles          257936                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles         9772                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts      1458344                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents            6                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents         2031                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents         4799                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands      2029339                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups      6788329                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups      6788329                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps      1703093                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps         326233                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts          390                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts          223                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts           28107                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads       139727                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores        75256                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1951                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores        15607                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded          1454271                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          392                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued         1366353                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1772                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       197633                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       459781                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           55                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2380543                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.573967                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.265222                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1805325     75.84%     75.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       231055      9.71%     85.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       124637      5.24%     90.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        85896      3.61%     94.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        75164      3.16%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        38193      1.60%     99.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         9715      0.41%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6039      0.25%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4519      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2380543                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           342     11.64%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1250     42.55%     54.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1346     45.81%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1144408     83.76%     83.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        21254      1.56%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          166      0.01%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       126038      9.22%     94.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        74487      5.45%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total      1366353                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.526545                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2938                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002150                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5117958                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1652337                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1341592                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses      1369291                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3541                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        26846                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            6                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           42                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2190                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           83                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles        40955                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles         11223                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1219                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1454671                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           12                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       139727                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        75256                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          224                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents          863                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           42                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12238                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13079                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts        25317                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1344319                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       118284                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        22033                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                   8                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs             192713                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches         187531                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores            74429                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.518053                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent              1341679                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count             1341592                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers          798575                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers         2091443                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.517002                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.381830                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1000002                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps      1226889                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts       227787                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          337                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts        22349                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2339588                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.524404                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.342654                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1838394     78.58%     78.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       232572      9.94%     88.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        97353      4.16%     92.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        58312      2.49%     95.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        40274      1.72%     96.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        26448      1.13%     98.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        13853      0.59%     98.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10835      0.46%     99.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        21547      0.92%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2339588                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts      1000002                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps      1226889                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs               185944                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads              112879                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars               168                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches           175550                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts         1106121                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls        24959                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events        21547                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads            3772704                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes           2950328                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                 32871                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles                214400                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts           1000002                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps             1226889                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total      1000002                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.594938                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.594938                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.385366                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.385366                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads        6062983                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes       1864539                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads       1362304                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes          336                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles                2594943                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups         201705                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted       181760                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        12481                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        91504                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits          70096                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS          10786                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          538                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2120050                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts              1267198                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches            201705                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches        80882                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles              249492                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles         39609                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles        56768                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines          123507                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes        12345                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples      2453134                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.606415                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.938615                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0        2203642     89.83%     89.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1           8645      0.35%     90.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2          18149      0.74%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3           7421      0.30%     91.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4          40736      1.66%     92.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5          36662      1.49%     94.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6           7022      0.29%     94.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7          14830      0.60%     95.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8         116027      4.73%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total      2453134                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.077730                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.488334                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles        2107262                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles        70040                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles          248381                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles          850                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles        26597                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved        17705                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          227                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts      1484095                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         1367                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles        26597                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles        2110186                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles         48588                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles        13800                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles          246405                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles         7554                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts      1481769                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents            7                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents         2770                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents         3036                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.FullRegisterEvents           30                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands      1745882                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups      6972792                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups      6972792                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps      1509352                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps         236530                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts          189                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts          105                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts           21197                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads       347849                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores       174713                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1629                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores         8569                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded          1476472                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          193                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued         1408634                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1028                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       135903                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       327802                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           19                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2453134                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.574218                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.371348                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1952118     79.58%     79.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       150404      6.13%     85.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       123266      5.02%     90.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        53048      2.16%     92.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        67509      2.75%     95.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        64928      2.65%     98.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        37007      1.51%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2996      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1858      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2453134                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3470     10.88%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead        27582     86.51%     97.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          831      2.61%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       885364     62.85%     62.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        12168      0.86%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           83      0.01%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       337042     23.93%     87.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       173977     12.35%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total      1408634                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.542838                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt             31883                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022634                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5303313                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1612629                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1394411                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses      1440517                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2592                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        17233                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           12                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           62                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1936                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          125                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles        26597                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles         44496                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1851                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1476672                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           26                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       347849                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       174713                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          106                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1230                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           21                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           62                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         6488                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7787                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts        14275                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1397198                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       335681                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        11436                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs             509606                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches         182651                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores           173925                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.538431                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent              1394540                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count             1394411                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers          754168                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers         1486036                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.537357                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.507503                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1122357                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps      1318371                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts       158419                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          174                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts        12513                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2426537                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.543314                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.365773                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1948106     80.28%     80.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       174815      7.20%     87.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        81867      3.37%     90.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        81049      3.34%     94.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        21674      0.89%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        94230      3.88%     98.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7237      0.30%     99.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5065      0.21%     99.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        12494      0.51%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2426537                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts      1122357                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps      1318371                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs               503393                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads              330616                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars                86                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches           174028                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts         1172146                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls        12644                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events        12494                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads            3890820                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes           2980187                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                 48102                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles                141809                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts           1122357                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps             1318371                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total      1122357                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.312048                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.312048                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.432517                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.432517                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads        6903362                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes       1622890                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads       1761535                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes          174                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles                2594943                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups         213908                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted       175110                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22622                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        87116                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits          82160                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS          21558                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1036                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2053366                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts              1196629                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches            213908                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches       103718                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles              248621                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles         62425                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles        46245                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines          127153                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22461                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples      2387753                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615621                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.962234                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0        2139132     89.59%     89.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1          11513      0.48%     90.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2          18141      0.76%     90.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3          24241      1.02%     91.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4          25574      1.07%     92.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5          21565      0.90%     93.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6          11642      0.49%     94.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7          18100      0.76%     95.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8         117845      4.94%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total      2387753                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.082433                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.461139                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles        2032773                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles        67309                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles          247979                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles          373                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles        39312                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved        34931                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          211                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts      1466419                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         1279                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles        39312                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles        2038702                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles         13415                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles        40892                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles          242431                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles        12992                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts      1465092                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents            5                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents         1644                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents         5758                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands      2045055                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups      6812024                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups      6812024                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps      1743646                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps         301403                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts          351                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts          180                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts           40637                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads       137907                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores        73586                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads          834                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores        17947                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded          1462277                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          352                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued         1379982                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          289                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       177684                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       430177                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            7                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2387753                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577942                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.270027                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1804301     75.56%     75.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       239496     10.03%     85.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       121612      5.09%     90.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        92062      3.86%     94.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        71967      3.01%     97.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        28900      1.21%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        18533      0.78%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         9546      0.40%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1336      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2387753                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           282     11.54%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead          906     37.09%     48.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1255     51.37%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1161073     84.14%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        20471      1.48%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          171      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       125039      9.06%     94.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        73228      5.31%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total      1379982                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.531797                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2443                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001770                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5150449                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1640328                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1357327                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses      1382425                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2763                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        24510                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            4                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           16                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1432                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles        39312                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles         10624                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1131                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1462633                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           69                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       137907                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        73586                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          180                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents          955                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           16                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12469                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13243                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts        25712                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1359430                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       117499                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        20552                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs             190703                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches         192800                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores            73204                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.523877                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent              1357408                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count             1357327                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers          779863                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers         2102226                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.523066                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.370970                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1016607                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps      1251095                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts       211539                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          345                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts        22681                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2348441                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.532734                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.379660                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1834682     78.12%     78.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       254803     10.85%     88.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        96446      4.11%     93.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        45434      1.93%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        38616      1.64%     96.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        22394      0.95%     97.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        19602      0.83%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8660      0.37%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        27804      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2348441                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts      1016607                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps      1251095                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs               185550                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads              113396                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars               172                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches           180391                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts         1127250                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls        25779                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events        27804                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads            3783258                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes           2964592                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                 32880                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles                207190                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts           1016607                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps             1251095                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total      1016607                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.552553                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.552553                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.391765                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.391765                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads        6116127                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes       1892383                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads       1359140                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes          344                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles                2594943                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups         201625                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted       164366                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21364                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        81734                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits          76636                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS          20040                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          911                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1955541                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts              1192807                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches            201625                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches        96676                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles              244844                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles         66758                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles        64481                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines          122116                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21404                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples      2309490                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.628098                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.995648                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0        2064646     89.40%     89.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1          12978      0.56%     89.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2          20817      0.90%     90.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3          30873      1.34%     92.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4          12812      0.55%     92.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5          14948      0.65%     93.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6          15446      0.67%     94.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7          11068      0.48%     94.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8         125902      5.45%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total      2309490                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.077699                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.459666                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles        1930391                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles        90335                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles          242976                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles         1489                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles        44298                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved        32758                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          327                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts      1446489                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         1076                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles        44298                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles        1935500                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles         45544                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles        29291                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles          239466                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles        15382                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts      1443166                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents          717                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents         2868                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents         7992                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.FullRegisterEvents          855                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands      1974175                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups      6728113                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups      6728113                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps      1627650                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps         346512                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts          312                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts          163                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts           45354                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads       146370                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores        80954                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads         4093                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores        15644                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded          1437886                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          313                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued         1342113                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2208                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       221211                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       509418                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           13                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2309490                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581130                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.265088                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1737393     75.23%     75.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       232047     10.05%     85.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       128322      5.56%     90.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        84413      3.66%     94.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        76853      3.33%     97.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        23538      1.02%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17268      0.75%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         5775      0.25%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3881      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2309490                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           379     11.22%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1434     42.45%     53.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1565     46.33%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1104786     82.32%     82.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        24704      1.84%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          149      0.01%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       133104      9.92%     94.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        79370      5.91%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total      1342113                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.517203                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3378                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002517                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4999302                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1659477                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1317064                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses      1345491                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         6441                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        31019                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           69                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         5407                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1100                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles        44298                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles         33646                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1719                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1438199                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          590                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       146370                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        80954                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          163                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents          876                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           68                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           69                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11568                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13334                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts        24902                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1322290                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       126188                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        19823                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs             205403                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches         179197                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores            79215                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.509564                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent              1317196                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count             1317064                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers          779892                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers         1978011                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.507550                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.394281                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts       975666                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps      1189632                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts       249775                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          300                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts        21761                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2265192                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525179                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.376128                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1783299     78.73%     78.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       229472     10.13%     88.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        95281      4.21%     93.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        48589      2.15%     95.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        36475      1.61%     96.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        20755      0.92%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        12846      0.57%     98.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10720      0.47%     98.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        27755      1.23%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2265192                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts       975666                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps      1189632                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs               190895                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads              115348                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars               150                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches           165077                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts         1075657                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls        23199                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events        27755                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads            3676844                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes           2923126                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                 35003                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles                285453                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts            975666                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps             1189632                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total       975666                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.659663                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.659663                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.375987                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.375987                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads        6002401                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes       1799723                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads       1370483                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes          300                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles                2594943                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups         213941                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted       175145                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22671                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        86554                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits          81714                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS          21616                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1028                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2052271                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts              1196935                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches            213941                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches       103330                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles              248313                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles         62926                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles        47144                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines          127140                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22517                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples      2387697                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615736                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.963020                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0        2139384     89.60%     89.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1          11493      0.48%     90.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2          17905      0.75%     90.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3          23940      1.00%     91.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4          25603      1.07%     92.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5          21611      0.91%     93.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6          11616      0.49%     94.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7          18256      0.76%     95.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8         117889      4.94%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total      2387697                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.082445                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.461257                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles        2031491                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles        68368                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles          247711                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles          359                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles        39761                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved        34936                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          210                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts      1466823                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         1279                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles        39761                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles        2037484                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles         13666                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles        41648                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles          242099                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles        13030                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts      1465536                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents            5                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents         1569                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents         5821                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands      2045297                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups      6813812                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups      6813812                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps      1740473                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps         304807                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts          353                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts          182                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts           41109                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads       137960                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores        73534                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads          840                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores        17924                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded          1462724                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          354                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued         1379205                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          297                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       180242                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       435784                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            9                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2387697                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577630                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.270537                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1804938     75.59%     75.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       239220     10.02%     85.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       121390      5.08%     90.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        91659      3.84%     94.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        72094      3.02%     97.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        28839      1.21%     98.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        18596      0.78%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         9607      0.40%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1354      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2387697                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           282     11.51%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead          910     37.13%     48.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1259     51.37%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1160529     84.14%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        20466      1.48%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          171      0.01%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       124893      9.06%     94.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        73146      5.30%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total      1379205                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.531497                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2451                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001777                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5148855                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1643338                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1356291                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses      1381656                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2709                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        24778                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            4                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           19                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1497                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles        39761                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles         10910                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1166                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1463086                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           20                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       137960                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        73534                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          182                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents          992                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           19                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12404                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13453                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts        25857                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1358453                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       117418                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        20752                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                   8                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs             190545                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches         192509                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores            73127                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.523500                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent              1356371                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count             1356291                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers          779479                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers         2101526                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.522667                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.370911                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1014766                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps      1248806                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts       214286                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          345                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts        22733                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2347936                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.531874                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.378505                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1835090     78.16%     78.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       254418     10.84%     88.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        96069      4.09%     93.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        45466      1.94%     95.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        38531      1.64%     96.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        22469      0.96%     97.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        19544      0.83%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8673      0.37%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        27676      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2347936                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts      1014766                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps      1248806                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs               185219                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads              113182                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars               172                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches           180061                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts         1125191                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls        25732                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events        27676                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads            3783339                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes           2965953                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                 32943                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles                207246                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts           1014766                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps             1248806                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total      1014766                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.557184                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.557184                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.391055                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.391055                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads        6112021                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes       1890700                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads       1359281                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes          344                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles                2594943                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups         195493                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted       175692                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        17170                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       132428                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits         128821                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS          10631                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          526                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2074194                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts              1113495                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches            195493                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches       139452                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles              247350                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles         57183                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles        32151                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines          126870                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes        16653                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples      2393607                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.518325                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.757840                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0        2146257     89.67%     89.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1          38451      1.61%     91.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2          18463      0.77%     92.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3          38022      1.59%     93.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4          10728      0.45%     94.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5          35445      1.48%     95.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6           5124      0.21%     95.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7           8594      0.36%     96.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8          92523      3.87%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total      2393607                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.075336                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.429102                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles        2032777                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles        74322                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles          246720                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles          252                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles        39533                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved        17283                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          379                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts      1236085                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         1662                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles        39533                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles        2037604                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles         47709                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles        13256                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles          242561                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles        12941                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts      1233441                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents            6                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents          939                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents        11190                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands      1608298                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups      5574965                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups      5574965                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps      1264863                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps         343425                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts          163                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts           90                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts           25381                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads       231530                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores        33274                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads          312                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores         7427                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded          1225012                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          164                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued         1134219                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1132                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       247566                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       522536                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           10                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2393607                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.473853                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.084023                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1895932     79.21%     79.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       153921      6.43%     85.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       169875      7.10%     92.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        97847      4.09%     96.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        48752      2.04%     98.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        12640      0.53%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        13986      0.58%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          349      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          305      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2393607                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          1915     57.39%     57.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead          807     24.18%     81.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          615     18.43%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       883828     77.92%     77.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         8173      0.72%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           74      0.01%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       209322     18.46%     97.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        32822      2.89%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total      1134219                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.437088                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3337                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002942                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4666514                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1472761                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1102694                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses      1137556                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          853                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        51578                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1287                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles        39533                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles         27810                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1564                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1225180                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          169                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       231530                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        33274                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           87                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents          419                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           31                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10737                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7373                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts        18110                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1119097                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       206233                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        15122                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs             239034                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches         170450                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores            32801                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.431261                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent              1103063                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count             1102694                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers          669288                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers         1424069                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.424940                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.469983                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts       873353                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps       975189                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts       250052                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          154                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts        16878                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2354074                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.414256                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.285218                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1995170     84.75%     84.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       138244      5.87%     90.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        91407      3.88%     94.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        27969      1.19%     95.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        49205      2.09%     97.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         8882      0.38%     98.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         5801      0.25%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4980      0.21%     98.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        32416      1.38%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2354074                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts       873353                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps       975189                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs               211935                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads              179948                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars                76                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches           150490                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts          849527                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls        11348                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events        32416                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads            3546886                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes           2490048                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                 47893                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles                201336                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts            873353                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps              975189                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total       873353                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.971242                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.971242                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.336560                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.336560                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads        5212507                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes       1429849                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads       1323403                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes          154                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles                2594943                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups         195405                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted       175712                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        17028                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       132738                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits         128820                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS          10592                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          523                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2073183                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts              1113501                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches            195405                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches       139412                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles              247363                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles         56787                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles        33493                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines          126668                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes        16492                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples      2393695                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.518345                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.757933                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0        2146332     89.67%     89.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1          38553      1.61%     91.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2          18344      0.77%     92.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3          37988      1.59%     93.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4          10701      0.45%     94.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5          35548      1.49%     95.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6           5176      0.22%     95.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7           8468      0.35%     96.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8          92585      3.87%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total      2393695                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.075302                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.429104                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles        2032519                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles        74928                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles          246712                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles          256                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles        39277                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved        17187                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          379                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts      1236044                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         1666                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles        39277                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles        2037306                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles         48286                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles        13485                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles          242617                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles        12721                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts      1233287                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents            9                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents          945                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents        11012                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands      1607914                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups      5574389                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups      5574389                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps      1266312                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps         341572                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts          163                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts           90                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts           25206                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads       231465                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores        33266                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads          263                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores         7411                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded          1224773                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          165                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued         1134362                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1107                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       246119                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       519543                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           11                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2393695                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.473896                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.083687                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1895965     79.21%     79.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       153606      6.42%     85.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       170165      7.11%     92.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        98117      4.10%     96.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        48639      2.03%     98.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        12652      0.53%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        13900      0.58%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          349      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          302      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2393695                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          1868     56.85%     56.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     56.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     56.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     56.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     56.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     56.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     56.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     56.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     56.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     56.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     56.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     56.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     56.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     56.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     56.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     56.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     56.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     56.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     56.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     56.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     56.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     56.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     56.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     56.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     56.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     56.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     56.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead          801     24.38%     81.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          617     18.78%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       883981     77.93%     77.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         8199      0.72%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           74      0.01%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       209323     18.45%     97.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        32785      2.89%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total      1134362                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.437143                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3286                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002897                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4666812                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1471078                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1102996                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses      1137648                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          863                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        51145                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            2                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           23                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1279                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles        39277                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles         28778                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1537                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1224942                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          179                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       231465                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        33266                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           88                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents          403                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           25                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           23                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10624                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7346                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts        17970                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1119093                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       206154                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        15269                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs             238915                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches         170449                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores            32761                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.431259                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent              1103383                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count             1102996                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers          670018                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers         1425121                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.425056                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.470148                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts       874577                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps       976413                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts       248564                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          154                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts        16736                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2354418                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.414715                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.286374                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1995285     84.75%     84.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       138162      5.87%     90.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        91581      3.89%     94.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        28066      1.19%     95.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        49170      2.09%     97.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         8833      0.38%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         5791      0.25%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4940      0.21%     98.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        32590      1.38%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2354418                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts       874577                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps       976413                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs               212298                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads              180311                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars                76                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches           150691                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts          850550                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls        11348                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events        32590                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads            3546792                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes           2489287                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                 47816                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles                201248                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts            874577                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps              976413                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total       874577                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.967084                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.967084                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.337031                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.337031                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads        5213474                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes       1430200                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads       1323602                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes          154                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles                2594943                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups         213634                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted       174936                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22694                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        86871                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits          81898                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS          21571                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1045                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2052894                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts              1195721                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches            213634                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches       103469                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles              248216                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles         62987                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles        46379                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines          127175                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22552                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples      2387500                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615352                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.962355                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0        2139284     89.60%     89.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1          11407      0.48%     90.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2          18039      0.76%     90.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3          24086      1.01%     91.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4          25572      1.07%     92.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5          21475      0.90%     93.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6          11510      0.48%     94.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7          18329      0.77%     95.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8         117798      4.93%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total      2387500                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.082327                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.460789                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles        2032285                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles        67438                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles          247622                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles          347                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles        39801                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved        34836                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          211                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts      1465787                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         1279                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles        39801                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles        2038245                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles         13568                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles        40829                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles          242025                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles        13023                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts      1464490                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents            5                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents         1602                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents         5798                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands      2043606                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups      6809886                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups      6809886                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps      1739472                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps         304134                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts          351                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts          180                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts           40914                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads       138105                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores        73451                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads          825                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores        17888                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded          1461753                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          351                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued         1377985                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          297                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       180520                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       437648                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            6                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2387500                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577166                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269807                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1804886     75.60%     75.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       239549     10.03%     85.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       121168      5.08%     90.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        91553      3.83%     94.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        72031      3.02%     97.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        28824      1.21%     98.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        18545      0.78%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         9625      0.40%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1319      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2387500                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           287     11.74%     11.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead          909     37.19%     48.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1248     51.06%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1159532     84.15%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        20427      1.48%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          171      0.01%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       124797      9.06%     94.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        73058      5.30%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total      1377985                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.531027                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2444                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001774                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5146211                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1642641                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1355212                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses      1380429                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2600                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        24988                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           18                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1464                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles        39801                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles         10823                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1144                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1462108                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           21                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       138105                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        73451                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          179                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents          966                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           18                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12494                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13271                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts        25765                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1357331                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       117248                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        20654                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs             190286                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches         192274                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores            73038                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.523068                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent              1355290                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count             1355212                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers          778693                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers         2100611                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.522251                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.370698                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1014182                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps      1248076                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts       214036                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          345                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts        22751                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2347699                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.531617                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.378173                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1835120     78.17%     78.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       254262     10.83%     89.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        96072      4.09%     93.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        45391      1.93%     95.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        38644      1.65%     96.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        22378      0.95%     97.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        19463      0.83%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8699      0.37%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        27670      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2347699                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts      1014182                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps      1248076                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs               185104                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads              113117                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars               172                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches           179960                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts         1124532                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls        25717                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events        27670                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads            3782128                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes           2964033                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                 32938                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles                207443                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts           1014182                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps             1248076                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total      1014182                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.558656                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.558656                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.390830                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.390830                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads        6107054                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes       1889262                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads       1357869                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes          344                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles                2594943                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups         201873                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted       164676                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21493                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        82478                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits          77041                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS          20121                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          929                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1959491                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts              1195900                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches            201873                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches        97162                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles              245293                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles         67600                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles        58680                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines          122499                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21535                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples      2308788                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.629827                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.997814                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0        2063495     89.38%     89.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1          12906      0.56%     89.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2          20551      0.89%     90.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3          30994      1.34%     92.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4          12913      0.56%     92.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5          15009      0.65%     93.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6          15853      0.69%     94.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7          11204      0.49%     94.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8         125863      5.45%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total      2308788                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.077795                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.460858                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles        1934662                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles        84205                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles          243460                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles         1461                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles        44999                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved        32674                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          329                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts      1450130                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         1079                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles        44999                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles        1939576                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles         39284                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles        29215                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles          240080                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles        15625                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts      1446940                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents          870                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents         2886                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents         7774                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.FullRegisterEvents         1371                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands      1979435                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups      6746453                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups      6746453                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps      1627028                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps         352401                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts          312                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts          163                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts           44777                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads       146680                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores        80868                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads         4087                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores        15588                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded          1442156                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          313                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued         1345189                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2080                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       225454                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       515180                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           13                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2308788                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.582639                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.266752                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1735717     75.18%     75.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       232391     10.07%     85.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       128378      5.56%     90.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        84384      3.65%     94.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        77113      3.34%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        23934      1.04%     98.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17160      0.74%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         5880      0.25%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3831      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2308788                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           379     11.32%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1446     43.18%     54.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1524     45.51%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1107661     82.34%     82.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        24802      1.84%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          149      0.01%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       133169      9.90%     94.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        79408      5.90%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total      1345189                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.518389                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3349                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002490                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5004594                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1667981                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1320337                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses      1348538                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         6444                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        31373                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           12                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           60                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         5349                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1083                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles        44999                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles         27837                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1666                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1442469                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            6                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       146680                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        80868                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          163                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents          859                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           51                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           60                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11654                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13312                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts        24966                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1325441                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       126136                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        19747                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs             205392                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches         179367                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores            79256                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.510778                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent              1320455                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count             1320337                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers          781835                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers         1984088                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.508812                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.394053                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts       975309                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps      1189190                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts       254398                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          300                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts        21909                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2263789                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525310                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.375700                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1781953     78.72%     78.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       229364     10.13%     88.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        95320      4.21%     93.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        48590      2.15%     95.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        36553      1.61%     96.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        20837      0.92%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        12824      0.57%     98.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10709      0.47%     98.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        27639      1.22%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2263789                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts       975309                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps      1189190                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs               190821                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads              115303                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars               150                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches           165017                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts         1075258                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls        23191                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events        27639                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads            3679738                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes           2932192                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                 35118                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles                286155                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts            975309                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps             1189190                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total       975309                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.660637                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.660637                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.375850                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.375850                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads        6017489                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes       1803946                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads       1373684                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes          300                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles                2594943                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups         195362                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted       175630                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        17055                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       132800                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits         128927                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS          10590                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          518                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2074244                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts              1113045                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches            195362                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches       139517                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles              247357                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles         56807                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles        32718                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines          126777                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes        16520                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples      2393970                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.517944                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.756945                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0        2146613     89.67%     89.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1          38672      1.62%     91.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2          18214      0.76%     92.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3          38060      1.59%     93.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4          10758      0.45%     94.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5          35595      1.49%     95.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6           5205      0.22%     95.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7           8399      0.35%     96.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8          92454      3.86%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total      2393970                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.075286                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.428928                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles        2033972                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles        73760                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles          246706                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles          257                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles        39272                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved        17216                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          379                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts      1235246                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         1666                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles        39272                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles        2038687                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles         47073                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles        13620                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles          242621                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles        12694                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts      1232532                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents            4                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents          978                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents        10898                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands      1606456                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups      5570700                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups      5570700                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps      1265885                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps         340561                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts          163                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts           90                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts           24987                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads       231295                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores        33280                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads          338                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores         7409                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded          1224280                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          165                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued         1134229                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1116                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       246034                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       517420                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           11                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2393970                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.473786                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.083489                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1896225     79.21%     79.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       153553      6.41%     85.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       170369      7.12%     92.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        98047      4.10%     96.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        48636      2.03%     98.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        12559      0.52%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        13920      0.58%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          350      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          311      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2393970                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          1901     57.22%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead          805     24.23%     81.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          616     18.54%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       883952     77.93%     77.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         8206      0.72%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           74      0.01%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       209179     18.44%     97.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        32818      2.89%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total      1134229                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.437092                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3322                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002929                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4666866                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1470498                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1103060                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses      1137551                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          878                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        51086                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            3                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1293                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles        39272                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles         27821                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1548                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1224449                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          165                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       231295                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        33280                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           88                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents          416                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           35                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10659                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7288                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts        17947                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1119214                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       206164                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        15015                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs             238959                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches         170509                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores            32795                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.431306                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent              1103433                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count             1103060                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers          669859                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers         1424545                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.425081                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.470227                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts       874216                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps       976052                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts       248447                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          154                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts        16763                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2354698                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.414513                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.285674                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1995549     84.75%     84.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       138294      5.87%     90.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        91447      3.88%     94.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        28011      1.19%     95.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        49281      2.09%     97.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         8921      0.38%     98.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         5745      0.24%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4968      0.21%     98.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        32482      1.38%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2354698                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts       874216                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps       976052                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs               212192                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads              180205                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars                76                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches           150631                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts          850249                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls        11348                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events        32482                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads            3546702                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes           2488311                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                 47856                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles                200973                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts            874216                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps              976052                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total       874216                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.968309                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.968309                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.336892                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.336892                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads        5213895                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes       1429789                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads       1323132                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes          154                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles                2594943                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups         235116                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted       195950                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22901                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        88978                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits          83674                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS          24744                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1036                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2034976                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts              1289012                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches            235116                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches       108418                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles              267671                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles         64703                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles        67128                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           17                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines          127924                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21810                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples      2411399                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.657264                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.036144                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0        2143728     88.90%     88.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1          16245      0.67%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2          20340      0.84%     90.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3          32705      1.36%     91.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4          13434      0.56%     92.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5          17731      0.74%     93.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6          20294      0.84%     93.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7           9645      0.40%     94.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8         137277      5.69%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total      2411399                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.090605                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.496740                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles        2022818                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles        80682                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles          266286                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles          169                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles        41441                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved        35494                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          166                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts      1574395                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts          994                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles        41441                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles        2025452                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles          6221                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles        68183                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles          263780                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles         6315                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts      1563330                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents          815                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents         4369                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands      2185393                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups      7263510                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups      7263510                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps      1794868                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps         390525                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts          362                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts          184                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts           23339                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads       147207                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores        75545                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads          871                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores        17265                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded          1524515                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          362                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued         1451566                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1726                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       204603                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       429736                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            6                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2411399                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.601960                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.324759                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1797521     74.54%     74.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       279146     11.58%     86.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       114887      4.76%     90.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        64256      2.66%     93.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        86346      3.58%     97.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        27321      1.13%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        26746      1.11%     99.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        13995      0.58%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1181      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2411399                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         10096     79.13%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1358     10.64%     89.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1305     10.23%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1223719     84.30%     84.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19664      1.35%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          178      0.01%     85.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       132781      9.15%     94.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        75224      5.18%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total      1451566                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.559383                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt             12759                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008790                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5329016                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1729488                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1411815                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses      1464325                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          979                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        30564                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            3                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            8                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1386                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles        41441                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles          4745                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles          646                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1524879                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1196                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       147207                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        75545                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          184                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents          559                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            8                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12715                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13502                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts        26217                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1424694                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       130274                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        26872                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                   2                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs             205479                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches         201005                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores            75205                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.549027                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent              1411832                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count             1411815                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers          845819                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers         2270501                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.544064                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.372525                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1043976                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps      1286581                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts       238306                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          356                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts        22925                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2369958                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.542871                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.361873                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1824604     76.99%     76.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       276921     11.68%     88.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       100278      4.23%     92.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        49886      2.10%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        45376      1.91%     96.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        19246      0.81%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        19189      0.81%     98.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9086      0.38%     98.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        25372      1.07%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2369958                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts      1043976                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps      1286581                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs               190802                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads              116643                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars               178                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches           186451                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts         1158414                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls        26588                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events        25372                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads            3869473                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes           3091216                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                 32637                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles                183544                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts           1043976                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps             1286581                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total      1043976                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.485635                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.485635                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.402312                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.402312                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads        6407158                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes       1975796                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads       1454365                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes          356                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles                2594943                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups         201709                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted       181772                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        12494                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        92722                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits          70122                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS          10798                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          552                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2119612                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts              1266943                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches            201709                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches        80920                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles              249377                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles         39662                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles        54903                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines          123461                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes        12348                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples      2450757                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.606850                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.939363                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0        2201380     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1           8672      0.35%     90.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2          18061      0.74%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3           7392      0.30%     91.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4          40717      1.66%     92.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5          36715      1.50%     94.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6           6927      0.28%     94.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7          14878      0.61%     95.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8         116015      4.73%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total      2450757                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.077732                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.488235                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles        2106761                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles        68220                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles          248272                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles          862                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles        26638                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved        17695                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          227                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts      1483739                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         1404                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles        26638                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles        2109743                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles         47429                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles        13008                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles          246256                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles         7679                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts      1481488                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents            5                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents         2835                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents         3074                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.FullRegisterEvents            5                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands      1745382                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups      6971363                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups      6971363                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps      1509328                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps         236054                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts          189                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts          106                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts           21534                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads       347935                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores       174782                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1604                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores         8564                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded          1476169                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          193                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued         1408351                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1097                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       135447                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       328400                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           19                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2450757                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.574660                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.371904                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1949877     79.56%     79.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       150458      6.14%     85.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       123131      5.02%     90.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        52976      2.16%     92.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        67438      2.75%     95.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        64973      2.65%     98.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        37088      1.51%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2970      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1846      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2450757                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3503     10.96%     10.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     10.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     10.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     10.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     10.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     10.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     10.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     10.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     10.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     10.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     10.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     10.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     10.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     10.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     10.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     10.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     10.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead        27625     86.44%     97.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          832      2.60%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       884828     62.83%     62.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        12170      0.86%     63.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           83      0.01%     63.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       337262     23.95%     87.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       174008     12.36%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total      1408351                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.542729                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt             31960                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022693                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5300516                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1611873                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1394089                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses      1440311                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2581                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        17319                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           15                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           65                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2005                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          124                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles        26638                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles         43386                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1835                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1476371                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           22                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       347935                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       174782                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          106                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1208                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           18                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           65                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         6542                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7746                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts        14288                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1397021                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       335902                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        11330                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                   9                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs             509858                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches         182670                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores           173956                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.538363                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent              1394235                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count             1394089                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers          753768                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers         1484718                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.537233                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.507684                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1122340                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps      1318354                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts       158126                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          174                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts        12526                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2424119                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.543849                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.366399                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1945642     80.26%     80.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       174891      7.21%     87.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        81959      3.38%     90.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        80871      3.34%     94.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        21747      0.90%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        94237      3.89%     98.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7165      0.30%     99.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5087      0.21%     99.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        12520      0.52%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2424119                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts      1122340                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps      1318354                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs               503393                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads              330616                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars                86                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches           174025                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts         1172132                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls        12644                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events        12520                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads            3888066                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes           2979613                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                 48084                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles                144186                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts           1122340                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps             1318354                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total      1122340                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.312083                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.312083                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.432510                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.432510                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads        6902576                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes       1622106                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads       1761392                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes          174                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles                2594943                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups         202235                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted       182221                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        12459                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        87990                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits          70114                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS          10848                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          548                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2121149                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts              1269342                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches            202235                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches        80962                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles              249827                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles         39617                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles        56553                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines          123534                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes        12326                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples      2454385                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.607060                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.939835                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0        2204558     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1           8648      0.35%     90.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2          18214      0.74%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3           7437      0.30%     91.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4          40766      1.66%     92.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5          36661      1.49%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6           6819      0.28%     94.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7          14967      0.61%     95.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8         116315      4.74%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total      2454385                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.077934                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.489160                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles        2108309                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles        69868                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles          248702                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles          874                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles        26628                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved        17768                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          228                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts      1486434                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         1391                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles        26628                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles        2111261                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles         48694                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles        13410                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles          246722                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles         7666                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts      1484224                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents            6                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents         2850                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents         3050                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.FullRegisterEvents           27                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands      1749191                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups      6983305                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups      6983305                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps      1512540                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps         236640                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts          187                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts          104                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts           21362                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads       348106                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores       174755                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1592                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores         8623                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded          1479031                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          191                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued         1410719                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1118                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       136413                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       329927                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           17                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2454385                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.574775                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.371920                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1952664     79.56%     79.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       150557      6.13%     85.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       123619      5.04%     90.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        52937      2.16%     92.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        67535      2.75%     95.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        65089      2.65%     98.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        37167      1.51%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3010      0.12%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1807      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2454385                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3537     11.07%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead        27602     86.35%     97.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          826      2.58%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       887197     62.89%     62.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        12197      0.86%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           83      0.01%     63.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       337206     23.90%     87.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       174036     12.34%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total      1410719                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.543642                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt             31965                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022659                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5308906                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1615694                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1396313                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses      1442684                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2616                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        17274                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           15                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           60                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1837                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          124                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles        26628                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles         44481                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1952                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1479231                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           21                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       348106                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       174755                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          104                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1322                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           15                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           60                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         6447                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7825                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts        14272                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1399233                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       335880                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        11486                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                   9                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs             509863                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches         182958                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores           173983                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.539215                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent              1396447                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count             1396313                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers          755425                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers         1489676                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.538090                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.507107                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1124203                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps      1320678                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts       158698                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          174                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts        12491                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2427757                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.543991                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.366828                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1948442     80.26%     80.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       175259      7.22%     87.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        82055      3.38%     90.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        81134      3.34%     94.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        21705      0.89%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        94235      3.88%     98.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7205      0.30%     99.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5094      0.21%     99.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        12628      0.52%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2427757                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts      1124203                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps      1320678                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs               503746                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads              330828                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars                86                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches           174342                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts         1174239                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls        12695                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events        12628                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads            3894492                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes           2985401                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                 48039                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles                140558                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts           1124203                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps             1320678                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total      1124203                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.308251                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.308251                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.433228                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.433228                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads        6912247                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes       1625528                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads       1763764                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes          174                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles                2594942                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups         213905                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted       175183                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22660                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        87448                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits          82132                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS          21653                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1031                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2051774                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts              1196314                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches            213905                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches       103785                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles              248433                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles         62565                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles        47935                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines          127120                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22510                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples      2387766                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615529                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.962178                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0        2139333     89.60%     89.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1          11446      0.48%     90.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2          18013      0.75%     90.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3          24189      1.01%     91.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4          25486      1.07%     92.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5          21624      0.91%     93.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6          11789      0.49%     94.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7          18185      0.76%     95.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8         117701      4.93%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total      2387766                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.082432                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.461018                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles        2031211                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles        68941                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles          247839                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles          355                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles        39413                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved        34864                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          211                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts      1466410                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         1286                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles        39413                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles        2037137                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles         13390                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles        42575                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles          242286                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles        12956                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts      1465091                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents            7                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents         1599                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents         5768                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands      2045210                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups      6811725                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups      6811725                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps      1742622                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps         302588                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts          354                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts          181                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts           40522                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads       138102                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores        73532                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads          839                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores        17917                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded          1462355                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          355                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued         1379966                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          337                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       178631                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       431533                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           10                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2387766                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577932                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.270458                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1804413     75.57%     75.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       239618     10.04%     85.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       121694      5.10%     90.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        91476      3.83%     94.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        71943      3.01%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        29178      1.22%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        18565      0.78%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         9552      0.40%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1327      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2387766                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           323     12.83%     12.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead          935     37.15%     49.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1259     50.02%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1160930     84.13%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        20476      1.48%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          171      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       125191      9.07%     94.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        73198      5.30%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total      1379966                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.531791                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2517                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001824                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5150552                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1641354                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1357061                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses      1382483                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2806                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        24778                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           14                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1415                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles        39413                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles         10585                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1159                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1462716                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            5                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       138102                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        73532                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          183                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents          986                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           14                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12556                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13263                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts        25819                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1359286                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       117535                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        20680                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs             190712                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches         192668                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores            73177                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.523821                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent              1357153                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count             1357061                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers          779959                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers         2102628                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.522964                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.370945                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1016023                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps      1250356                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts       212370                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          345                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts        22718                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2348353                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.532440                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.379159                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1834863     78.13%     78.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       254651     10.84%     88.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        96366      4.10%     93.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        45410      1.93%     95.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        38723      1.65%     96.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        22376      0.95%     97.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        19568      0.83%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8605      0.37%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        27791      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2348353                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts      1016023                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps      1250356                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs               185441                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads              113324                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars               172                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches           180275                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts         1126591                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls        25763                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events        27791                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads            3783275                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes           2964871                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                 32907                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles                207176                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts           1016023                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps             1250356                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total      1016023                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.554019                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.554019                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.391540                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.391540                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads        6115441                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes       1892098                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads       1358735                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes          344                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles                2594943                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups         210133                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted       172027                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22326                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        89075                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits          80282                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS          21322                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1017                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2010746                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts              1198880                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches            210133                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches       101604                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles              262603                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles         63993                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles        65489                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines          125456                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22051                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples      2380132                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616933                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.971454                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0        2117529     88.97%     88.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1          27970      1.18%     90.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2          32515      1.37%     91.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3          17938      0.75%     92.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4          20140      0.85%     93.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5          11765      0.49%     93.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6           7706      0.32%     93.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7          20606      0.87%     94.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8         123963      5.21%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total      2380132                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.080978                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.462006                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles        1993547                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles        83334                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles          260176                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles         2176                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles        40895                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved        34173                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          400                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts      1463269                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         2170                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles        40895                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles        1997183                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles         17095                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles        56888                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles          258744                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles         9323                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts      1460991                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents            9                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents         2089                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents         4525                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands      2031784                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups      6800884                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups      6800884                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps      1705529                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps         326255                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts          394                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts          227                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts           26798                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads       140618                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores        75606                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1978                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores        15973                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded          1456991                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          396                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued         1368906                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1946                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       198518                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       462552                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           59                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2380132                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.575139                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.266122                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1803980     75.79%     75.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       231232      9.72%     85.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       124829      5.24%     90.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        86226      3.62%     94.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        75182      3.16%     97.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        38552      1.62%     99.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         9553      0.40%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6092      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4486      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2380132                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           373     12.11%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1354     43.98%     56.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1352     43.91%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1145950     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        21289      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          166      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       126743      9.26%     94.54% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        74758      5.46%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total      1368906                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.527528                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3079                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002249                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5122969                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1655946                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1344059                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses      1371985                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3565                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        27565                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           42                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2445                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           83                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles        40895                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles         12187                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1207                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1457394                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            8                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       140618                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        75606                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          228                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents          830                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           42                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12239                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13018                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts        25257                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1346959                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       118747                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        21947                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs             193450                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches         187941                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores            74703                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.519071                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent              1344143                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count             1344059                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers          799862                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers         2095084                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.517953                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.381780                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1001402                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps      1228635                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts       228766                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          337                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts        22271                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2339237                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525229                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.343395                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1837169     78.54%     78.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       233015      9.96%     88.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        97539      4.17%     92.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        58565      2.50%     95.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        40267      1.72%     96.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        26369      1.13%     98.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        13862      0.59%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10846      0.46%     99.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        21605      0.92%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2339237                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts      1001402                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps      1228635                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs               186214                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads              113053                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars               168                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches           175809                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts         1107681                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls        24992                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events        21605                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads            3775020                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes           2955703                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                 32800                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles                214811                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts           1001402                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps             1228635                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total      1001402                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.591310                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.591310                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.385905                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.385905                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads        6074520                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes       1867546                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads       1364145                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes          336                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles                2594943                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups         202215                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted       182231                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        12460                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        76917                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits          70108                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS          10828                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          549                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2119751                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts              1269543                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches            202215                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches        80936                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles              249872                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles         39558                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles        58164                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines          123457                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes        12302                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples      2454594                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.607219                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.940143                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0        2204722     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1           8629      0.35%     90.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2          18257      0.74%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3           7321      0.30%     91.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4          40839      1.66%     92.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5          36616      1.49%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6           6938      0.28%     94.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7          14869      0.61%     95.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8         116403      4.74%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total      2454594                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.077927                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.489237                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles        2106660                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles        71741                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles          248740                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles          869                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles        26580                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved        17747                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          227                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts      1486984                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         1386                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles        26580                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles        2109651                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles         50354                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles        13557                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles          246749                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles         7699                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts      1484701                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents            5                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents         2885                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents         3081                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands      1749446                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups      6986182                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups      6986182                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps      1512798                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps         236648                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts          193                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts          109                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts           21558                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads       348153                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores       174867                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1659                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores         8597                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded          1479189                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          197                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued         1410525                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1152                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       136260                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       333188                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           23                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2454594                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.574647                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.371936                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1953098     79.57%     79.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       150583      6.13%     85.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       123071      5.01%     90.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        53143      2.17%     92.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        67691      2.76%     95.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        65097      2.65%     98.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        37079      1.51%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3008      0.12%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1824      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2454594                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3501     10.95%     10.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     10.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     10.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     10.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     10.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     10.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     10.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     10.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     10.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     10.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     10.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     10.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     10.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     10.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     10.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     10.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     10.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead        27626     86.44%     97.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          834      2.61%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       886728     62.87%     62.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        12219      0.87%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           83      0.01%     63.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       337416     23.92%     87.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       174079     12.34%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total      1410525                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.543567                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt             31961                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022659                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5308757                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1615702                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1396020                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses      1442486                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2586                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        17309                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           13                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           57                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1940                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          123                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles        26580                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles         46125                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1988                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1479394                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           38                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       348153                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       174867                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          110                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1342                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           15                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           57                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         6491                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7867                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts        14358                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1398996                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       335990                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        11529                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                   8                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs             510012                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches         182920                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores           174022                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.539124                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent              1396162                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count             1396020                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers          755240                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers         1489608                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.537977                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.507006                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1124348                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps      1320860                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts       158678                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          174                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts        12484                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2428014                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.544008                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.366938                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1948682     80.26%     80.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       175206      7.22%     87.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        82115      3.38%     90.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        81134      3.34%     94.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        21713      0.89%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        94211      3.88%     98.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7217      0.30%     99.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5075      0.21%     99.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        12661      0.52%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2428014                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts      1124348                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps      1320860                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs               503771                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads              330844                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars                86                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches           174372                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts         1174399                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls        12698                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events        12661                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads            3894878                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes           2985666                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                 47997                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles                140349                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts           1124348                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps             1320860                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total      1124348                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.307954                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.307954                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.433284                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.433284                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads        6910885                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes       1624949                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads       1764054                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes          174                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.replacements                           4808                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tagsinuse                      32750.628578                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.total_refs                           637172                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.sampled_refs                          37562                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.avg_refs                          16.963207                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.warmup_cycle                              0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          1078.942193                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    23.249371                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   109.412412                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    24.598074                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   203.126598                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    14.695158                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data    72.113498                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    13.587746                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   288.078498                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    14.673616                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data    74.000918                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    23.696781                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   122.183965                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    22.387061                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   122.169232                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    14.668033                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data    72.159094                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    12.634545                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   269.330662                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    22.807969                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   119.012485                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    10.765982                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data    61.989842                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    25.219365                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   200.227620                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    23.313186                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   201.801843                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    14.879702                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data    72.654200                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    23.252875                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   113.562751                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    25.323981                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   202.146024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu00.data          1617.254261                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu01.data          2059.531520                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu02.data          1296.705142                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst                    1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu03.data          2799.465996                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu04.data          1308.506903                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu05.data          1917.259913                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu06.data          1889.208058                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu07.data          1296.823189                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst                    1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu08.data          2832.782506                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu09.data          1899.614585                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu10.data          1048.509730                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu11.data          2051.106226                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu12.data          2038.287402                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu13.data          1307.579530                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu14.data          1601.343470                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu15.data          2091.984870                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_percent::writebacks            0.032927                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000710                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.003339                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000751                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.006199                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000448                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.002201                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000415                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.008791                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000448                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.002258                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000723                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.003729                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000683                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.003728                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000448                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.002202                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000386                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.008219                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000696                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.003632                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000329                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.001892                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000770                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.006110                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000711                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.006159                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000454                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.002217                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000710                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.003466                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000773                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.006169                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu00.data            0.049355                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu01.data            0.062852                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu02.data            0.039572                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu03.inst            0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu03.data            0.085433                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu04.data            0.039932                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu05.data            0.058510                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu06.data            0.057654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu07.data            0.039576                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu08.inst            0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu08.data            0.086450                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu09.data            0.057972                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu10.data            0.031998                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu11.data            0.062595                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu12.data            0.062204                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu13.data            0.039904                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu14.data            0.048869                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu15.data            0.063842                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::total                 0.999470                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          386                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          488                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          248                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          505                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          245                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          337                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          341                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          247                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          497                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          348                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          241                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          489                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          500                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          245                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          380                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          492                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                    6003                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             2528                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  2528                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    40                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data          389                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data          491                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data          251                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data          506                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data          248                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data          340                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data          343                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data          250                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data          498                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data          351                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data          241                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data          492                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data          503                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data          248                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data          383                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data          495                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     6043                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data          389                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data          491                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data          251                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data          506                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data          248                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data          340                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data          343                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data          250                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data          498                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data          351                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data          241                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data          492                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data          503                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data          248                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data          383                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data          495                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    6043                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          190                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          357                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          149                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          569                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          152                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          223                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          222                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          154                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          549                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          216                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          126                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          353                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          346                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          154                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          194                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          353                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                  4703                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data           52                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data           51                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 104                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data          190                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data          357                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data          149                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data          621                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data          152                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data          223                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data          223                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data          154                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data          600                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data          216                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data          126                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data          353                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data          346                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data          154                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data          194                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data          353                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                   4807                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           24                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data          190                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           31                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data          357                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data          149                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data          621                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data          152                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data          223                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           25                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data          223                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data          154                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data          600                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           25                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data          216                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           11                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data          126                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           32                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data          353                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           29                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data          346                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           29                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data          154                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           24                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data          194                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           32                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data          353                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                  4807                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3663350                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     29057159                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      4789594                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     54498113                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      4207890                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     22635859                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2125702                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     86081679                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      4258189                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     22698700                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3953923                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     33560277                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3789145                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     33441200                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      4288452                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     22923901                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      1957839                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     83163667                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3718434                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     32547528                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      1721393                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     18904604                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4876127                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     53484089                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      4464612                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     52688643                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      4548365                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     23708088                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3687992                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     29016615                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      4943311                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     53618212                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       713022652                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      7829872                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       155048                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      7563643                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      15548563                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3663350                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     29057159                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      4789594                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     54498113                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      4207890                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     22635859                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2125702                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     93911551                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      4258189                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     22698700                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3953923                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     33560277                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3789145                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     33596248                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      4288452                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     22923901                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      1957839                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     90727310                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3718434                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     32547528                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      1721393                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     18904604                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4876127                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     53484089                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      4464612                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     52688643                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      4548365                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     23708088                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3687992                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     29016615                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      4943311                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     53618212                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total        728571215                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3663350                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     29057159                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      4789594                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     54498113                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      4207890                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     22635859                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2125702                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     93911551                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      4258189                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     22698700                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3953923                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     33560277                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3789145                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     33596248                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      4288452                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     22923901                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      1957839                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     90727310                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3718434                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     32547528                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      1721393                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     18904604                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4876127                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     53484089                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      4464612                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     52688643                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      4548365                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     23708088                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3687992                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     29016615                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      4943311                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     53618212                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total       728571215                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          576                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          845                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          397                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         1074                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          397                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          560                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          563                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          401                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         1046                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          564                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          367                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          842                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          846                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          399                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          574                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          845                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               10706                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         2528                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              2528                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data           53                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data           52                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               144                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          579                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          848                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          400                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         1127                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          400                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          563                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          566                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          404                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         1098                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          567                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          367                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          845                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          849                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          402                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          577                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          848                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                10850                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           25                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          579                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           32                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          848                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          400                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         1127                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          400                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          563                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           26                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          566                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          404                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         1098                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           26                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          567                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           11                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          367                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           33                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          845                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           30                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          849                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           30                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          402                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           25                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          577                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           33                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          848                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               10850                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.329861                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.968750                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.422485                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.375315                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.529795                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.382872                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.398214                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.394316                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.384040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.524857                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.382979                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.343324                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.969697                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.419240                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.408983                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.385965                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.337979                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.969697                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.417751                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.439286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.981132                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.980769                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.722222                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.328152                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.968750                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.420991                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.372500                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.551020                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.380000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.396092                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.393993                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.381188                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.546448                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.380952                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.343324                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.969697                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.417751                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.407538                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.383085                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.336222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.969697                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.416274                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.443041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.328152                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.968750                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.420991                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.372500                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.551020                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.380000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.396092                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.393993                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.381188                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.546448                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.380952                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.343324                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.969697                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.417751                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.407538                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.383085                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.336222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.969697                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.416274                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.443041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 152639.583333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 152932.415789                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 154503.032258                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 152655.778711                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 155847.777778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 151918.516779                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 151835.857143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 151285.903339                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 157710.703704                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 149333.552632                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 152073.961538                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 150494.515695                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 151565.800000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 150636.036036                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 158831.555556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 148856.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst       150603                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 151482.089253                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 148737.360000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       150683                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 156490.272727                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 150036.539683                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 152378.968750                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       151513                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 153952.137931                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 152279.315029                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 156840.172414                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 153948.623377                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 153666.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 149570.180412                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 154478.468750                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 151892.951841                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 151610.174782                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 150574.461538                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       155048                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 148306.725490                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 149505.413462                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 152639.583333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 152932.415789                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 154503.032258                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 152655.778711                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 155847.777778                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 151918.516779                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 151835.857143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 151226.330113                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 157710.703704                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 149333.552632                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 152073.961538                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 150494.515695                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 151565.800000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 150655.820628                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 158831.555556                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 148856.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst       150603                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 151212.183333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 148737.360000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       150683                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 156490.272727                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 150036.539683                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 152378.968750                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       151513                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 153952.137931                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 152279.315029                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 156840.172414                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 153948.623377                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 153666.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 149570.180412                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 154478.468750                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 151892.951841                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 151564.638028                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 152639.583333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 152932.415789                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 154503.032258                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 152655.778711                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 155847.777778                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 151918.516779                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 151835.857143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 151226.330113                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 157710.703704                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 149333.552632                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 152073.961538                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 150494.515695                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 151565.800000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 150655.820628                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 158831.555556                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 148856.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst       150603                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 151212.183333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 148737.360000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       150683                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 156490.272727                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 150036.539683                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 152378.968750                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       151513                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 153952.137931                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 152279.315029                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 156840.172414                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 153948.623377                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 153666.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 149570.180412                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 154478.468750                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 151892.951841                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 151564.638028                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 1787                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      1787                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          190                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          357                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          149                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          569                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          152                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          223                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          222                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          154                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          549                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          216                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          126                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          353                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          346                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          154                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          194                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          353                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total             4703                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data           52                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data           51                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            104                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          190                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          357                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          149                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          621                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          152                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          223                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          223                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          154                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          600                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          216                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          126                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          353                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          346                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          154                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          194                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          353                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total              4807                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           24                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          190                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          357                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          149                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          621                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          152                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          223                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          223                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          154                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          600                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          216                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          126                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          353                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          346                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          154                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           24                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          194                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          353                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total             4807                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2267109                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     17995428                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2987420                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     33741157                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2638444                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     13962304                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      1312344                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     52963574                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2691147                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     13844060                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2442592                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     20579538                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2334592                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     20510150                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2723990                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     13960017                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      1200752                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     51227227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2263784                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     19971353                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      1083323                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     11565072                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3015769                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     32953078                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2780332                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     32561345                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2863446                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     14740217                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2292959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     17711577                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3078979                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     33096482                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    439359561                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      4797535                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data        96368                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      4592214                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9486117                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2267109                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     17995428                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2987420                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     33741157                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2638444                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     13962304                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      1312344                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     57761109                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2691147                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     13844060                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2442592                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     20579538                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2334592                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     20606518                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2723990                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     13960017                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      1200752                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     55819441                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2263784                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     19971353                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      1083323                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     11565072                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3015769                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     32953078                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2780332                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     32561345                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2863446                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     14740217                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2292959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     17711577                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3078979                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     33096482                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    448845678                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2267109                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     17995428                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2987420                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     33741157                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2638444                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     13962304                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      1312344                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     57761109                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2691147                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     13844060                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2442592                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     20579538                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2334592                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     20606518                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2723990                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     13960017                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      1200752                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     55819441                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2263784                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     19971353                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      1083323                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     11565072                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3015769                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     32953078                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2780332                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     32561345                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2863446                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     14740217                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2292959                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     17711577                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3078979                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     33096482                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    448845678                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.329861                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.422485                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.375315                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.529795                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.382872                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.398214                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.394316                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.384040                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.524857                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.382979                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.343324                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.419240                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.408983                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.385965                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.337979                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.417751                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.439286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.981132                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.980769                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.722222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.328152                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.420991                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.372500                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.551020                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.380000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.396092                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.393993                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.381188                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.546448                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.380952                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.343324                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.417751                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.407538                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.383085                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.336222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.416274                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.443041                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.328152                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.420991                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.372500                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.551020                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.380000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.396092                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.393993                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.381188                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.546448                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.380952                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.343324                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.417751                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.407538                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.383085                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.336222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.416274                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.443041                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 94462.875000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 94712.778947                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 96368.387097                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 94513.044818                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 97720.148148                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 93706.738255                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 93738.857143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 93081.852373                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 99672.111111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 91079.342105                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 93945.846154                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 92284.923767                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 93383.680000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 92388.063063                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 100888.518519                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 90649.461039                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 92365.538462                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 93310.067395                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 90551.360000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 92459.967593                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 98483.909091                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 91786.285714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 94242.781250                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 93351.495751                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 95873.517241                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 94107.933526                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 98739.517241                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 95715.694805                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 95539.958333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 91296.788660                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 96218.093750                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 93757.739377                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93421.127153                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 92260.288462                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data        96368                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 90043.411765                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 91212.663462                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 94462.875000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 94712.778947                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 96368.387097                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 94513.044818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 97720.148148                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 93706.738255                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 93738.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 93013.057971                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 99672.111111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 91079.342105                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 93945.846154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 92284.923767                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 93383.680000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 92405.910314                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 100888.518519                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 90649.461039                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 92365.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 93032.401667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 90551.360000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 92459.967593                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 98483.909091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 91786.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 94242.781250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 93351.495751                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 95873.517241                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 94107.933526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 98739.517241                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 95715.694805                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 95539.958333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 91296.788660                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 96218.093750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 93757.739377                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93373.346786                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 94462.875000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 94712.778947                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 96368.387097                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 94513.044818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 97720.148148                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 93706.738255                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 93738.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 93013.057971                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 99672.111111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 91079.342105                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 93945.846154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 92284.923767                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 93383.680000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 92405.910314                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 100888.518519                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 90649.461039                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 92365.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 93032.401667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 90551.360000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 92459.967593                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 98483.909091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 91786.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 94242.781250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 93351.495751                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 95873.517241                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 94107.933526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 98739.517241                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 95715.694805                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 95539.958333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 91296.788660                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 96218.093750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 93757.739377                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93373.346786                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              506.210955                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs              750133332                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  507                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1479552.923077                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    24.210955                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.038800                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.811236                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       125370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        125370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       125370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total         125370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       125370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total        125370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           33                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5096283                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5096283                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5096283                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5096283                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5096283                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5096283                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       125403                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       125403                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       125403                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total       125403                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       125403                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total       125403                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000263                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000263                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000263                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000263                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000263                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000263                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 154432.818182                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 154432.818182                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 154432.818182                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 154432.818182                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 154432.818182                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 154432.818182                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      4030246                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4030246                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      4030246                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4030246                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      4030246                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4030246                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000199                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000199                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000199                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000199                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000199                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000199                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 161209.840000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161209.840000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 161209.840000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161209.840000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 161209.840000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161209.840000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                  579                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              118203102                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                  835                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             141560.601198                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   182.909637                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    73.090363                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.714491                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.285509                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        86373                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         86373                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        72632                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        72632                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          180                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          180                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          168                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          168                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data       159005                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total         159005                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data       159005                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total        159005                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1947                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1947                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           64                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           64                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2011                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total         2011                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2011                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total         2011                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    237719380                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    237719380                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      7176108                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7176108                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    244895488                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    244895488                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    244895488                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    244895488                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        88320                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        88320                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        72696                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        72696                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          180                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          180                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          168                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          168                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       161016                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total       161016                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       161016                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total       161016                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.022045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000880                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000880                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.012489                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012489                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.012489                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012489                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 122095.213148                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 122095.213148                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 112126.687500                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 112126.687500                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 121777.965191                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 121777.965191                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 121777.965191                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 121777.965191                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          203                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total             203                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1371                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1371                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data           61                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           61                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1432                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1432                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1432                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1432                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          576                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          576                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          579                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          579                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          579                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          579                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     57318804                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     57318804                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     57511104                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     57511104                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     57511104                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     57511104                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.006522                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006522                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000041                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.003596                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003596                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.003596                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003596                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 99511.812500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99511.812500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 99328.331606                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99328.331606                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 99328.331606                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99328.331606                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              566.955311                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs              768706799                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  575                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1336881.389565                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    25.234498                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst   541.720813                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.040440                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.868142                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.908582                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       123467                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        123467                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       123467                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total         123467                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       123467                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total        123467                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      7011062                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7011062                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      7011062                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7011062                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      7011062                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7011062                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       123507                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       123507                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       123507                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total       123507                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       123507                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total       123507                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000324                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000324                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000324                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000324                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000324                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000324                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 175276.550000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 175276.550000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 175276.550000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 175276.550000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 175276.550000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 175276.550000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5699615                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5699615                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5699615                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5699615                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5699615                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5699615                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000259                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000259                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000259                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000259                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000259                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000259                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 178112.968750                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 178112.968750                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 178112.968750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 178112.968750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 178112.968750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 178112.968750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                  848                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              289307776                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                 1104                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             262054.144928                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   111.618800                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data   144.381200                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.436011                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.563989                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       316856                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        316856                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       172588                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       172588                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data           96                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           96                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data           87                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           87                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data       489444                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total         489444                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data       489444                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total        489444                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2975                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2975                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data           10                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           10                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2985                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total         2985                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2985                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total         2985                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    359889503                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    359889503                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      1116408                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1116408                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    361005911                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    361005911                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    361005911                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    361005911                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       319831                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       319831                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       172598                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       172598                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           96                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           96                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           87                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           87                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       492429                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total       492429                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       492429                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total       492429                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.009302                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009302                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000058                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000058                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.006062                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006062                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.006062                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006062                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 120971.261513                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120971.261513                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 111640.800000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 111640.800000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 120940.003685                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 120940.003685                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 120940.003685                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 120940.003685                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          129                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total             129                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         2130                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2130                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         2137                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2137                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         2137                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2137                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          845                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          845                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          848                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          848                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          848                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          848                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     94304500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     94304500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       315586                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       315586                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     94620086                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     94620086                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     94620086                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     94620086                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002642                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002642                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000017                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000017                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.001722                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001722                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.001722                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001722                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 111602.958580                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111602.958580                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 105195.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105195.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 111580.290094                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111580.290094                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 111580.290094                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111580.290094                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              489.854102                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs              749561059                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  504                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1487224.323413                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    14.854102                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.023805                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.785023                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       127116                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        127116                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       127116                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total         127116                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       127116                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total        127116                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           37                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5998625                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5998625                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5998625                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5998625                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5998625                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5998625                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       127153                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       127153                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       127153                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total       127153                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       127153                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total       127153                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000291                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000291                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000291                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000291                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000291                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000291                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst       162125                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total       162125                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst       162125                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total       162125                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst       162125                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total       162125                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5014251                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5014251                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5014251                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5014251                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5014251                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5014251                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000228                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000228                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000228                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000228                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000228                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000228                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 172905.206897                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 172905.206897                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 172905.206897                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 172905.206897                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 172905.206897                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 172905.206897                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                  400                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              113237955                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                  656                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             172618.833841                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   139.311567                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data   116.688433                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.544186                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.455814                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        86283                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         86283                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        71804                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        71804                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          173                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          173                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          172                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          172                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data       158087                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total         158087                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data       158087                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total        158087                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1255                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1255                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1270                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total         1270                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1270                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total         1270                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    154920670                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    154920670                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      1554258                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1554258                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    156474928                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    156474928                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    156474928                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    156474928                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        87538                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        87538                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        71819                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        71819                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          173                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          173                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          172                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          172                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       159357                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total       159357                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       159357                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total       159357                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.014337                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014337                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000209                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000209                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.007970                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.007970                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.007970                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.007970                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 123442.764940                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 123442.764940                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 103617.200000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 103617.200000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 123208.604724                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 123208.604724                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 123208.604724                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 123208.604724                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           87                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total              87                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          858                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          858                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          870                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          870                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          870                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          870                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          397                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          397                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          400                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          400                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     41288303                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     41288303                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       237046                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       237046                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     41525349                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     41525349                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     41525349                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     41525349                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.004535                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004535                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000042                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002510                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002510                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002510                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002510                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 104000.763224                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104000.763224                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 79015.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79015.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 103813.372500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103813.372500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 103813.372500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103813.372500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              503.586891                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs              753313942                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  504                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1494670.519841                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    13.586891                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.021774                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.807030                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       122098                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        122098                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       122098                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total         122098                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       122098                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total        122098                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           18                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           18                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           18                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3026198                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      3026198                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3026198                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      3026198                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3026198                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      3026198                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       122116                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       122116                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       122116                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total       122116                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       122116                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total       122116                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000147                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000147                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000147                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000147                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000147                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000147                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 168122.111111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 168122.111111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 168122.111111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 168122.111111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 168122.111111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 168122.111111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2374725                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2374725                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2374725                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2374725                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2374725                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2374725                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000115                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000115                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000115                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 169623.214286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169623.214286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 169623.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169623.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 169623.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169623.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                 1127                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              125533601                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                 1383                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             90769.053507                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   194.314549                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    61.685451                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.759041                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.240959                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        92514                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         92514                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        74742                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        74742                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          153                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          153                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          150                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          150                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data       167256                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total         167256                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data       167256                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total        167256                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2600                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2600                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          406                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          406                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3006                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total         3006                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3006                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total         3006                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    344167064                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    344167064                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     70912741                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     70912741                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    415079805                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    415079805                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    415079805                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    415079805                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        95114                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        95114                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        75148                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        75148                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          153                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          153                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          150                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          150                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       170262                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total       170262                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       170262                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total       170262                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.027336                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.027336                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.005403                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005403                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.017655                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.017655                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.017655                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.017655                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 132371.947692                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 132371.947692                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 174661.923645                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 174661.923645                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 138083.767465                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 138083.767465                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 138083.767465                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 138083.767465                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          514                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total             514                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1526                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1526                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          353                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          353                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1879                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1879                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1879                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1879                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1074                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1074                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data           53                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           53                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1127                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1127                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1127                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1127                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    126854115                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    126854115                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      8433255                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8433255                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    135287370                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    135287370                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    135287370                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    135287370                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.011292                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011292                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000705                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000705                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.006619                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006619                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.006619                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006619                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 118113.701117                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 118113.701117                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 159118.018868                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159118.018868                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 120042.031943                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 120042.031943                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 120042.031943                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 120042.031943                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              489.750627                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs              749561050                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  503                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1490181.013917                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    14.750627                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.023639                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.784857                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       127107                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        127107                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       127107                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total         127107                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       127107                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total        127107                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           33                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5609588                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5609588                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5609588                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5609588                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5609588                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5609588                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       127140                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       127140                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       127140                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total       127140                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       127140                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total       127140                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000260                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000260                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000260                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000260                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000260                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000260                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 169987.515152                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 169987.515152                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 169987.515152                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 169987.515152                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 169987.515152                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 169987.515152                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      4936132                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4936132                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      4936132                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4936132                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      4936132                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4936132                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000220                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000220                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000220                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000220                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000220                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000220                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 176290.428571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 176290.428571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 176290.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 176290.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 176290.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 176290.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                  400                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              113237858                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                  656                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             172618.685976                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   139.245714                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data   116.754286                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.543929                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.456071                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        86304                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         86304                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        71686                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        71686                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          173                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          173                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          172                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          172                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data       157990                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total         157990                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data       157990                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total        157990                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1260                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1260                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data           16                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           16                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1276                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total         1276                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1276                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total         1276                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    155403993                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    155403993                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      1297532                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1297532                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    156701525                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    156701525                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    156701525                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    156701525                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        87564                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        87564                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        71702                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        71702                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          173                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          173                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          172                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          172                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       159266                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total       159266                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       159266                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total       159266                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.014389                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014389                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000223                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000223                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008012                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008012                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008012                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008012                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 123336.502381                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 123336.502381                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 81095.750000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81095.750000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 122806.837774                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 122806.837774                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 122806.837774                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 122806.837774                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           87                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total              87                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data          863                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          863                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data          876                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          876                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data          876                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          876                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          397                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          397                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          400                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          400                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     41797266                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     41797266                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       208883                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       208883                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     42006149                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     42006149                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     42006149                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     42006149                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.004534                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004534                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000042                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002512                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002512                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002512                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002512                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 105282.785894                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105282.785894                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 69627.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69627.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 105015.372500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105015.372500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 105015.372500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105015.372500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              549.695669                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs              646510399                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  553                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1169096.562387                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    24.580733                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst   525.114936                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.039392                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.841530                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.880923                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       126838                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        126838                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       126838                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total         126838                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       126838                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total        126838                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           32                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           32                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5039869                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5039869                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5039869                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5039869                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5039869                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5039869                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       126870                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       126870                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       126870                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total       126870                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       126870                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total       126870                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000252                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000252                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000252                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000252                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000252                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000252                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 157495.906250                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 157495.906250                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 157495.906250                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 157495.906250                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 157495.906250                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 157495.906250                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4398774                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4398774                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4398774                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4398774                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4398774                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4398774                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000213                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000213                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000213                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000213                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000213                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000213                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 162917.555556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162917.555556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 162917.555556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162917.555556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 162917.555556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162917.555556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                  563                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              151271430                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                  819                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             184702.600733                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   151.629052                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data   104.370948                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.592301                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.407699                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       189848                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        189848                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        31811                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        31811                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data           81                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           81                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data           77                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           77                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data       221659                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total         221659                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data       221659                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total        221659                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1968                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1968                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1983                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total         1983                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1983                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total         1983                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    217715934                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    217715934                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      1274275                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1274275                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    218990209                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    218990209                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    218990209                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    218990209                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       191816                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       191816                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        31826                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        31826                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           81                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           81                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           77                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           77                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       223642                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total       223642                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       223642                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total       223642                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.010260                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010260                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000471                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000471                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008867                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008867                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008867                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008867                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 110628.015244                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 110628.015244                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 84951.666667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84951.666667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 110433.791730                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 110433.791730                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 110433.791730                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 110433.791730                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           49                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total              49                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1408                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1408                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1420                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1420                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1420                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1420                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          560                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          560                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          563                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          563                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          563                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          563                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     59003009                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     59003009                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       219533                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       219533                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     59222542                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     59222542                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     59222542                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     59222542                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002919                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002919                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000094                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000094                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002517                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002517                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002517                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002517                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 105362.516071                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105362.516071                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 73177.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73177.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 105191.015986                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105191.015986                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 105191.015986                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105191.015986                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              548.386111                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs              646510198                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  552                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1171214.126812                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    23.271002                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst   525.115109                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.037293                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.841531                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.878824                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       126637                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        126637                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       126637                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total         126637                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       126637                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total        126637                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           31                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           31                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      4784406                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      4784406                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      4784406                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      4784406                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      4784406                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      4784406                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       126668                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       126668                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       126668                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total       126668                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       126668                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total       126668                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000245                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000245                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000245                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000245                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000245                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000245                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 154335.677419                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 154335.677419                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 154335.677419                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 154335.677419                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 154335.677419                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 154335.677419                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      4175776                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4175776                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      4175776                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4175776                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      4175776                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4175776                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000205                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000205                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000205                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000205                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000205                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000205                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 160606.769231                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160606.769231                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 160606.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160606.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 160606.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160606.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                  566                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              151271342                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                  822                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             184028.396594                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   151.695561                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data   104.304439                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.592561                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.407439                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       189760                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        189760                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        31811                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        31811                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data           81                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           81                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data           77                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           77                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data       221571                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total         221571                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data       221571                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total        221571                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1955                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1955                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1970                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total         1970                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1970                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total         1970                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    219152677                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    219152677                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      1339223                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1339223                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    220491900                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    220491900                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    220491900                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    220491900                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       191715                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       191715                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        31826                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        31826                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           81                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           81                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           77                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           77                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       223541                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total       223541                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       223541                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total       223541                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.010197                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010197                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000471                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000471                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008813                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008813                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008813                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008813                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 112098.556010                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 112098.556010                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 89281.533333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89281.533333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 111924.822335                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 111924.822335                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 111924.822335                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 111924.822335                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           51                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total              51                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1392                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1392                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1404                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1404                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1404                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1404                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          563                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          563                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          566                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          566                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          566                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          566                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     59775022                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     59775022                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       305857                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       305857                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     60080879                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     60080879                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     60080879                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     60080879                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002937                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002937                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000094                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000094                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002532                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002532                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002532                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002532                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 106172.330373                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106172.330373                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 101952.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101952.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 106149.962898                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106149.962898                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 106149.962898                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106149.962898                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              489.744643                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs              749561086                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  503                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1490181.085487                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    14.744643                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.023629                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.784847                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       127143                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        127143                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       127143                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total         127143                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       127143                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total        127143                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           32                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           32                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5674711                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5674711                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5674711                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5674711                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5674711                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5674711                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       127175                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       127175                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       127175                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total       127175                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       127175                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total       127175                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000252                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000252                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000252                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000252                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000252                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000252                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 177334.718750                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 177334.718750                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 177334.718750                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 177334.718750                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 177334.718750                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 177334.718750                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      4991748                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4991748                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      4991748                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4991748                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      4991748                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4991748                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000220                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000220                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000220                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000220                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000220                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000220                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 178276.714286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 178276.714286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 178276.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 178276.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 178276.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 178276.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                  404                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              113237774                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                  660                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             171572.384848                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   139.325177                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data   116.674823                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.544239                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.455761                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        86269                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         86269                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        71637                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        71637                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          173                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          173                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          172                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          172                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data       157906                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total         157906                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data       157906                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total        157906                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1254                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1254                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1269                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total         1269                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1269                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total         1269                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    155163717                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    155163717                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      1302246                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1302246                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    156465963                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    156465963                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    156465963                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    156465963                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        87523                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        87523                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        71652                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        71652                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          173                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          173                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          172                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          172                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       159175                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total       159175                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       159175                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total       159175                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.014328                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014328                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000209                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000209                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.007972                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.007972                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.007972                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.007972                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 123735.021531                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 123735.021531                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 86816.400000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86816.400000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 123298.631206                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 123298.631206                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 123298.631206                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 123298.631206                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           88                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total              88                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data          853                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          853                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data          865                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          865                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data          865                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          865                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          401                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          401                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          404                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          404                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          404                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          404                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     42102793                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     42102793                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       234441                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       234441                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     42337234                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     42337234                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     42337234                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     42337234                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.004582                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004582                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000042                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002538                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002538                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002538                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002538                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 104994.496259                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104994.496259                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data        78147                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        78147                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 104795.133663                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104795.133663                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 104795.133663                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104795.133663                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              502.633845                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs              753314329                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  503                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1497642.801193                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    12.633845                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.020247                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.805503                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       122485                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        122485                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       122485                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total         122485                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       122485                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total        122485                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           14                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2300308                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2300308                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2300308                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2300308                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2300308                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2300308                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       122499                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       122499                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       122499                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total       122499                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       122499                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total       122499                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000114                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000114                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000114                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000114                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000114                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000114                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 164307.714286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 164307.714286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 164307.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 164307.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 164307.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 164307.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2067755                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2067755                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2067755                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2067755                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2067755                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2067755                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000106                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000106                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000106                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000106                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000106                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000106                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 159058.076923                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159058.076923                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 159058.076923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159058.076923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 159058.076923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159058.076923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                 1098                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              125533646                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                 1354                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             92713.180207                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   192.349484                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    63.650516                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.751365                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.248635                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        92572                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         92572                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        74727                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        74727                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          155                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          155                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          150                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          150                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data       167299                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total         167299                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data       167299                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total        167299                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2513                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2513                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          392                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          392                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2905                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total         2905                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2905                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total         2905                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    333591383                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    333591383                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     68429056                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     68429056                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    402020439                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    402020439                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    402020439                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    402020439                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        95085                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        95085                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        75119                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        75119                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          155                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          155                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          150                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          150                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       170204                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total       170204                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       170204                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total       170204                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.026429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.026429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.005218                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005218                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.017068                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.017068                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.017068                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.017068                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 132746.272583                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 132746.272583                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 174563.918367                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 174563.918367                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 138389.135628                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 138389.135628                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 138389.135628                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 138389.135628                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          514                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total             514                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1467                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1467                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data          340                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          340                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1807                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1807                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1807                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1807                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1046                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1046                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data           52                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           52                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1098                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1098                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1098                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1098                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    124002343                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    124002343                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      8110184                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8110184                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    132112527                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    132112527                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    132112527                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    132112527                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.011001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000692                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000692                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.006451                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006451                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.006451                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006451                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 118549.085086                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 118549.085086                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 155965.076923                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 155965.076923                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 120321.062842                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 120321.062842                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 120321.062842                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 120321.062842                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              548.806977                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs              646510307                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  552                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1171214.324275                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    23.691795                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst   525.115182                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.037968                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.841531                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.879498                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       126746                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        126746                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       126746                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total         126746                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       126746                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total        126746                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           31                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           31                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      4793141                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      4793141                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      4793141                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      4793141                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      4793141                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      4793141                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       126777                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       126777                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       126777                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total       126777                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       126777                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total       126777                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000245                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000245                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000245                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000245                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000245                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000245                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 154617.451613                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 154617.451613                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 154617.451613                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 154617.451613                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 154617.451613                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 154617.451613                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      4078346                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4078346                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      4078346                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4078346                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      4078346                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4078346                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000205                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000205                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000205                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000205                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000205                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000205                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 156859.461538                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 156859.461538                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 156859.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 156859.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 156859.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 156859.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                  567                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              151271326                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                  823                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             183804.770352                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   151.724276                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data   104.275724                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.592673                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.407327                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       189744                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        189744                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        31811                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        31811                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data           81                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           81                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data           77                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           77                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data       221555                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total         221555                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data       221555                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total        221555                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1979                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1979                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1994                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total         1994                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1994                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total         1994                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    217752385                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    217752385                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      1215008                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1215008                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    218967393                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    218967393                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    218967393                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    218967393                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       191723                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       191723                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        31826                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        31826                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           81                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           81                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           77                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           77                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       223549                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total       223549                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       223549                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total       223549                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.010322                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010322                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000471                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000471                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.008920                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008920                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.008920                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008920                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 110031.523497                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 110031.523497                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 81000.533333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81000.533333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 109813.135908                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 109813.135908                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 109813.135908                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 109813.135908                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           51                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total              51                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1415                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1415                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1427                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1427                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1427                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1427                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          564                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          564                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          567                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          567                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          567                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          567                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     59365875                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     59365875                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     59558175                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     59558175                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     59558175                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     59558175                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002942                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002942                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000094                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000094                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002536                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002536                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002536                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002536                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 105258.643617                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105258.643617                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 105040.873016                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105040.873016                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 105040.873016                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105040.873016                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              465.765391                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs              753004162                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  466                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1615888.759657                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    10.765391                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.017252                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.746419                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       127910                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        127910                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       127910                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total         127910                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       127910                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total        127910                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           14                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2217270                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2217270                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2217270                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2217270                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2217270                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2217270                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       127924                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       127924                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       127924                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total       127924                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       127924                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total       127924                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000109                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000109                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000109                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 158376.428571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 158376.428571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 158376.428571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 158376.428571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 158376.428571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 158376.428571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      1813493                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1813493                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      1813493                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      1813493                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      1813493                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      1813493                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000086                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000086                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000086                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000086                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000086                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000086                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst       164863                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       164863                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst       164863                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       164863                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst       164863                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       164863                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                  367                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              109336052                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                  623                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             175499.280899                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   129.868473                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data   126.131527                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.507299                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.492701                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       100008                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        100008                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        73803                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        73803                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          184                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          184                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          178                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          178                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data       173811                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total         173811                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data       173811                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total        173811                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          932                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          932                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data          932                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total          932                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data          932                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total          932                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    101514880                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    101514880                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    101514880                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    101514880                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    101514880                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    101514880                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       100940                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       100940                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        73803                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        73803                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          184                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          184                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          178                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          178                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       174743                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total       174743                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       174743                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total       174743                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.009233                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009233                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.005334                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005334                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.005334                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005334                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 108921.545064                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108921.545064                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 108921.545064                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 108921.545064                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 108921.545064                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 108921.545064                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           76                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total              76                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          565                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          565                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          565                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          565                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          565                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          565                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          367                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          367                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          367                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          367                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          367                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          367                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     36499556                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     36499556                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     36499556                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     36499556                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     36499556                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     36499556                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.003636                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003636                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002100                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002100                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002100                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002100                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 99453.831063                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99453.831063                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 99453.831063                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99453.831063                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 99453.831063                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99453.831063                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              567.578436                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs              768706751                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  576                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1334560.331597                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    25.855574                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst   541.722862                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.041435                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.868146                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.909581                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       123419                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        123419                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       123419                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total         123419                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       123419                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total        123419                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           42                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      7233419                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7233419                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      7233419                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7233419                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      7233419                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7233419                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       123461                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       123461                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       123461                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total       123461                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       123461                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total       123461                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000340                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000340                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000340                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000340                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000340                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000340                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 172224.261905                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 172224.261905                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 172224.261905                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 172224.261905                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 172224.261905                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 172224.261905                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5836318                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5836318                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5836318                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5836318                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5836318                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5836318                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000267                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000267                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000267                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000267                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000267                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000267                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 176858.121212                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 176858.121212                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 176858.121212                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 176858.121212                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 176858.121212                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 176858.121212                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                  845                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              289308009                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                 1101                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             262768.400545                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   111.530994                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data   144.469006                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.435668                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.564332                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       317087                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        317087                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       172588                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       172588                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data           98                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           98                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data           87                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           87                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data       489675                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total         489675                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data       489675                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total        489675                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2963                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2963                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data           10                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           10                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2973                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total         2973                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2973                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total         2973                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    358355272                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    358355272                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      1142842                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1142842                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    359498114                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    359498114                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    359498114                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    359498114                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       320050                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       320050                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       172598                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       172598                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           98                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           98                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           87                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           87                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       492648                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total       492648                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       492648                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total       492648                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.009258                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009258                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000058                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000058                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.006035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.006035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 120943.392508                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120943.392508                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 114284.200000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 114284.200000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 120920.993609                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 120920.993609                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 120920.993609                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 120920.993609                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          129                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total             129                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         2121                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2121                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         2128                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2128                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         2128                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2128                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          842                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          842                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          845                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          845                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          845                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          845                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     93482078                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     93482078                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       356015                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       356015                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     93838093                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     93838093                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     93838093                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     93838093                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002631                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002631                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000017                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000017                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.001715                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001715                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.001715                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001715                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 111023.845606                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111023.845606                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 118671.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 118671.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 111050.997633                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111050.997633                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 111050.997633                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111050.997633                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              565.671866                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs              768706828                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  573                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1341547.692845                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    23.950090                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst   541.721776                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.038382                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.868144                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.906525                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       123496                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        123496                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       123496                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total         123496                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       123496                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total        123496                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6682597                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6682597                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6682597                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6682597                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6682597                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6682597                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       123534                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       123534                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       123534                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total       123534                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       123534                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total       123534                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000308                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000308                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000308                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000308                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000308                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000308                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 175857.815789                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 175857.815789                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 175857.815789                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 175857.815789                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 175857.815789                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 175857.815789                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5333185                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5333185                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5333185                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5333185                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5333185                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5333185                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000243                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000243                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000243                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000243                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000243                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000243                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 177772.833333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 177772.833333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 177772.833333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 177772.833333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 177772.833333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 177772.833333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                  849                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              289308025                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                 1105                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             261817.217195                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   111.616673                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data   144.383327                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.436003                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.563997                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       316964                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        316964                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       172730                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       172730                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data           95                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           95                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data           87                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           87                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data       489694                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total         489694                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data       489694                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total        489694                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3000                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3000                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data            9                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3009                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total         3009                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3009                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total         3009                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    359620488                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    359620488                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       835750                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       835750                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    360456238                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    360456238                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    360456238                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    360456238                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       319964                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       319964                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       172739                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       172739                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data           95                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           95                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data           87                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           87                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       492703                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total       492703                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       492703                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total       492703                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.009376                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009376                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000052                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000052                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.006107                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006107                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.006107                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006107                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 119873.496000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 119873.496000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 92861.111111                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92861.111111                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 119792.701230                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 119792.701230                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 119792.701230                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 119792.701230                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          129                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total             129                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         2154                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2154                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         2160                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2160                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         2160                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2160                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          846                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          846                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          849                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          849                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          849                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          849                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     93358045                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     93358045                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       254466                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       254466                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     93612511                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     93612511                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     93612511                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     93612511                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002644                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002644                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000017                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000017                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.001723                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001723                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.001723                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001723                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 110352.299054                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110352.299054                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data        84822                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        84822                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 110262.085984                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110262.085984                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 110262.085984                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110262.085984                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              489.957303                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs              749561027                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  505                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1484279.261386                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    14.957303                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.023970                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.785188                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       127084                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        127084                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       127084                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total         127084                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       127084                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total        127084                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           36                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6082784                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6082784                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6082784                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6082784                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6082784                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6082784                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       127120                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       127120                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       127120                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total       127120                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       127120                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total       127120                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000283                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000283                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000283                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000283                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000283                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000283                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 168966.222222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 168966.222222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 168966.222222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 168966.222222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 168966.222222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 168966.222222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5179477                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5179477                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5179477                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5179477                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5179477                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5179477                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000236                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000236                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000236                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000236                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000236                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000236                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 172649.233333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 172649.233333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 172649.233333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 172649.233333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 172649.233333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 172649.233333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                  402                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              113237911                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                  658                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             172094.089666                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   139.137847                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data   116.862153                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.543507                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.456493                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        86279                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         86279                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        71764                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        71764                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          173                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          173                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          172                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          172                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data       158043                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total         158043                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data       158043                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total        158043                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1264                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1264                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data           18                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1282                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total         1282                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1282                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total         1282                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    155672977                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    155672977                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      2281255                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2281255                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    157954232                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    157954232                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    157954232                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    157954232                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        87543                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        87543                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        71782                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        71782                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          173                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          173                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          172                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          172                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       159325                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total       159325                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       159325                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total       159325                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.014439                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014439                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000251                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000251                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008046                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008046                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008046                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008046                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 123159.000791                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 123159.000791                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 126736.388889                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 126736.388889                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 123209.229329                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 123209.229329                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 123209.229329                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 123209.229329                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           88                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total              88                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          865                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          865                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          880                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          880                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          880                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          880                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          399                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          399                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          402                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          402                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          402                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          402                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     42307375                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     42307375                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       378132                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       378132                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     42685507                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     42685507                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     42685507                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     42685507                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.004558                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004558                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000042                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002523                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002523                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002523                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002523                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 106033.521303                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106033.521303                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       126044                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       126044                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 106182.853234                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106182.853234                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 106182.853234                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106182.853234                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              506.214571                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs              750133385                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  507                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1479553.027613                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    24.214571                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.038805                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.811241                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       125423                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        125423                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       125423                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total         125423                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       125423                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total        125423                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           33                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5073810                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5073810                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5073810                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5073810                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5073810                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5073810                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       125456                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       125456                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       125456                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total       125456                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       125456                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total       125456                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000263                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000263                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000263                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000263                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000263                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000263                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 153751.818182                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 153751.818182                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 153751.818182                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 153751.818182                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 153751.818182                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 153751.818182                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      4108570                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4108570                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      4108570                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4108570                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      4108570                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4108570                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000199                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000199                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000199                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000199                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000199                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000199                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 164342.800000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164342.800000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 164342.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164342.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 164342.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164342.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                  577                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              118203588                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                  833                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             141901.066026                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   183.404981                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    72.595019                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.716426                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.283574                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        86764                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         86764                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        72729                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        72729                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          178                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          178                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          168                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          168                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data       159493                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total         159493                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data       159493                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total        159493                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1949                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1949                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data           65                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           65                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2014                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total         2014                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2014                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total         2014                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    235703341                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    235703341                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      6524752                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6524752                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    242228093                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    242228093                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    242228093                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    242228093                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        88713                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        88713                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        72794                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        72794                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          178                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          178                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          168                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          168                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       161507                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total       161507                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       161507                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total       161507                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.021970                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021970                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000893                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000893                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.012470                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012470                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.012470                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012470                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 120935.526424                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120935.526424                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 100380.800000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 100380.800000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 120272.141509                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 120272.141509                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 120272.141509                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 120272.141509                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          196                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total             196                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1375                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1375                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data           62                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           62                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1437                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1437                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1437                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1437                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          574                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          574                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          577                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          577                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          577                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          577                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     56915582                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     56915582                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       197559                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       197559                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     57113141                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     57113141                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     57113141                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     57113141                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.006470                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006470                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000041                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.003573                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003573                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.003573                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003573                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 99156.066202                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99156.066202                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data        65853                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        65853                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 98982.913345                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98982.913345                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 98982.913345                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98982.913345                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    3                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              567.042133                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs              768706748                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  576                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1334560.326389                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    25.960704                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst   541.081428                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.041604                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.867118                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.908721                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       123416                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        123416                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       123416                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total         123416                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       123416                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total        123416                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      7574871                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7574871                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      7574871                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7574871                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      7574871                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7574871                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       123457                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       123457                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       123457                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total       123457                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       123457                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total       123457                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000332                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000332                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000332                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000332                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000332                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000332                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 184752.951220                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 184752.951220                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 184752.951220                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 184752.951220                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 184752.951220                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 184752.951220                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6435866                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6435866                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6435866                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6435866                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6435866                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6435866                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000267                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000267                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000267                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000267                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000267                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000267                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 195026.242424                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 195026.242424                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 195026.242424                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 195026.242424                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 195026.242424                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 195026.242424                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                  848                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              289308118                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                 1104                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             262054.454710                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   111.608707                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data   144.391293                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.435972                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.564028                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       317043                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        317043                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       172739                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       172739                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          100                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          100                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data           87                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           87                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data       489782                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total         489782                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data       489782                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total        489782                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3044                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3044                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data            9                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3053                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total         3053                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3053                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total         3053                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    368294754                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    368294754                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       847364                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       847364                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    369142118                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    369142118                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    369142118                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    369142118                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       320087                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       320087                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       172748                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       172748                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          100                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          100                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           87                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           87                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       492835                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total       492835                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       492835                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total       492835                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.009510                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009510                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000052                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000052                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.006195                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006195                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.006195                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006195                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 120990.392247                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120990.392247                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 94151.555556                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94151.555556                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 120911.273501                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 120911.273501                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 120911.273501                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 120911.273501                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          137                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total             137                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         2199                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2199                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         2205                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2205                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         2205                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2205                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          845                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          845                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          848                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          848                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          848                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          848                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     93888083                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     93888083                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       249400                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       249400                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     94137483                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     94137483                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     94137483                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     94137483                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002640                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002640                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000017                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000017                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.001721                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001721                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.001721                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001721                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 111110.157396                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111110.157396                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 83133.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83133.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 111011.182783                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111011.182783                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 111011.182783                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111011.182783                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
