
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.010642                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 10641637338                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               537743700246                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 423826                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   542792                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                 282923                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67619596                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 37613.24                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 15941474507                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   20416177037                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data       267008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         3712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data       259072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data       260352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data       153088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data       187264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data       399872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data       419200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data       149760                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data       422528                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         3840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data       249728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data       258944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         3840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data       263296                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data       152704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data       390016                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data       392576                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data       418048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total              4712704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         3712                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         3840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         3840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           69248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      1156352                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           1156352                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           33                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data         2086                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           29                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data         2024                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data         2034                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           33                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data         1196                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data         1463                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data         3124                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data         3275                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data         1170                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data         3301                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           30                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data         1951                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data         2023                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           30                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data         2057                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data         1193                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data         3047                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data         3067                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data         3266                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 36818                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            9034                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 9034                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst       396931                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     25090876                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst       348819                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     24345126                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst       408960                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     24465408                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst       396931                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     14385756                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst       469101                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     17597292                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst       433016                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     37576172                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst       433016                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     39392434                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst       408960                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     14073022                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst       445044                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     39705168                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst       360847                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     23467065                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst       324762                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     24333098                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst       360847                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     24742057                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst       420988                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     14349671                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst       420988                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     36649999                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst       445044                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     36890564                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst       433016                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     39284180                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               442855159                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst       396931                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst       348819                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst       408960                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst       396931                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst       469101                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst       433016                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst       433016                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst       408960                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst       445044                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst       360847                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst       324762                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst       360847                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst       420988                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst       420988                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst       445044                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst       433016                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            6507269                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         108662978                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              108662978                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         108662978                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst       396931                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     25090876                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst       348819                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     24345126                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst       408960                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     24465408                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst       396931                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     14385756                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst       469101                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     17597292                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst       433016                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     37576172                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst       433016                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     39392434                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst       408960                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     14073022                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst       445044                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     39705168                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst       360847                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     23467065                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst       324762                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     24333098                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst       360847                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     24742057                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst       420988                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     14349671                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst       420988                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     36649999                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst       445044                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     36890564                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst       433016                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     39284180                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              551518137                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles               25519515                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups        2070643                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1698240                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       205261                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       855801                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits         809153                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS         212017                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9062                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19813795                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts             11781603                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches           2070643                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches      1021170                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles             2591678                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles        583058                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles       660249                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines         1222407                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes       203808                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples     23440210                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614689                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.965306                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0       20848532     88.94%     88.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1         279727      1.19%     90.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2         325371      1.39%     91.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3         178341      0.76%     92.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4         207853      0.89%     93.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5         112629      0.48%     93.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6          76865      0.33%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7         199938      0.85%     94.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8        1210954      5.17%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total     23440210                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.081140                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.461670                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles       19651238                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles       826235                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles         2571010                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles        19389                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles       372332                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved       335507                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred         2156                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts     14381717                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts        11326                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles       372332                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles       19682116                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles        242994                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles       496745                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles         2560768                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles        85249                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts     14372184                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents           14                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents        21579                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents        40322                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.FullRegisterEvents           46                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands     19972994                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups     66932386                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups     66932386                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps     17025516                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps        2947466                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts         3777                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2114                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts          230974                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads      1374214                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores       748091                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads        19784                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores       164663                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded         14347684                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3783                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued        13547048                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17809                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1811785                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4208020                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          441                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23440210                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577941                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.267552                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17729156     75.64%     75.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2300125      9.81%     85.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1233526      5.26%     90.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       853003      3.64%     94.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       746793      3.19%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       381340      1.63%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        91582      0.39%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        59982      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        44703      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23440210                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3292     11.17%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead        12806     43.47%     54.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13361     45.35%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11338403     83.70%     83.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       212056      1.57%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1658      0.01%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1253120      9.25%     94.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       741811      5.48%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total     13547048                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.530851                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt             29459                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002175                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50581572                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16163388                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13320454                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses     13576507                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        34368                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       245474                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           91                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          138                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        17547                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          828                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles       372332                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles        195544                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13834                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14351490                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         6353                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1374214                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       748091                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2114                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9653                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          138                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       118553                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       115496                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts       234049                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13344975                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1176524                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       202071                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                  23                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs            1918064                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches        1866385                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores           741540                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.522932                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent             13320757                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count            13320454                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers         7920746                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers        20747376                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.521971                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.381771                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10000000                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps     12268683                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2082932                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3342                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts       206322                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23067878                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.531851                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.350638                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18056346     78.27%     78.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2323792     10.07%     88.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       974352      4.22%     92.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       583811      2.53%     95.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       406166      1.76%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       261313      1.13%     98.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       136843      0.59%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       109573      0.48%     99.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       215682      0.93%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23067878                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts     10000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps     12268683                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs              1859284                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads             1128740                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars              1668                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches          1755764                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts        11060836                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls       249611                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events       215682                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads           37203746                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes          29075584                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                306275                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles               2079305                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts          10000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps            12268683                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total     10000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.551951                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.551951                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.391857                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.391857                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads       60206490                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes      18487940                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads      13422073                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes         3338                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles               25519515                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups        1929803                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1728232                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       154501                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1304603                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1276050                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS         112217                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4649                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20498248                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts             10975286                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches           1929803                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches      1388267                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles             2446840                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles        509107                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles       302969                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines         1240447                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes       151253                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples     23601822                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.519296                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.757958                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0       21154982     89.63%     89.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1         379504      1.61%     91.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2         183706      0.78%     92.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3         373506      1.58%     93.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4         114095      0.48%     94.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5         347787      1.47%     95.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6          52994      0.22%     95.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7          86377      0.37%     96.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8         908871      3.85%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total     23601822                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.075621                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.430074                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles       20232398                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles       573807                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles         2441816                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles         1995                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles       351805                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved       177324                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred         1960                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts     12234161                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         4642                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles       351805                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles       20262496                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles        348641                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles       135129                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles         2414204                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles        89541                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts     12215164                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents           30                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents         9352                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents        72894                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands     15963201                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups     55292740                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups     55292740                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps     12911205                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps        3051994                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts         1597                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts          814                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts          189039                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads      2244099                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores       347276                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3107                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores        78866                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded         12150471                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1602                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued        11364871                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7313                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2216898                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4564977                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           19                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23601822                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.481525                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.092002                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18613213     78.86%     78.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1556071      6.59%     85.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1689892      7.16%     92.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       975256      4.13%     96.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       493141      2.09%     98.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       123841      0.52%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       144172      0.61%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3441      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2795      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23601822                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         18644     57.45%     57.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7575     23.34%     80.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         6232     19.20%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8886692     78.19%     78.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        86360      0.76%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          785      0.01%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2047028     18.01%     96.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       344006      3.03%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total     11364871                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.445340                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt             32451                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002855                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     46371328                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14369008                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11074859                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses     11397322                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         8910                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       459860                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           19                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           39                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         8885                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles       351805                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles        227869                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11027                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12152083                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          527                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2244099                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       347276                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          811                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4162                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          257                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           39                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       104104                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        59294                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts       163398                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11223587                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2018874                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       141284                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                  10                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs            2362848                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches        1709299                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores           343974                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.439804                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent             11077704                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count            11074859                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers         6712160                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers        14455494                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.433976                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.464333                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8841526                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps      9918009                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2234559                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1583                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts       153352                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23250017                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.426581                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.299017                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19577450     84.20%     84.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1428831      6.15%     90.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       932561      4.01%     94.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       289841      1.25%     95.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       491430      2.11%     97.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        92975      0.40%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        58996      0.25%     98.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        53502      0.23%     98.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       324431      1.40%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23250017                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts      8841526                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps      9918009                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs              2122629                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads             1784238                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars               790                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches          1525172                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts         8656299                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls       120483                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events       324431                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads           35078128                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes          24657203                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                459664                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles               1917693                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts           8841526                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps             9918009                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total      8841526                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.886325                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.886325                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.346461                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.346461                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads       52231516                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes      14392910                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads      13056627                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes         1582                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles               25519515                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups        2075431                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1703392                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       205218                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       856642                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits         810395                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS         212128                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9029                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19814823                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts             11799703                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches           2075431                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches      1022523                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles             2595171                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles        584024                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles       641307                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines         1222237                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes       203563                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples     23426878                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615969                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.967174                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0       20831707     88.92%     88.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1         279577      1.19%     90.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2         325962      1.39%     91.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3         178193      0.76%     92.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4         208909      0.89%     93.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5         112652      0.48%     93.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6          76851      0.33%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7         200072      0.85%     94.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8        1212955      5.18%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total     23426878                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.081327                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.462380                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles       19653942                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles       805777                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles         2573946                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles        19790                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles       373417                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved       335115                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred         2160                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts     14402703                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts        11304                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles       373417                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles       19685237                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles        270897                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles       447741                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles         2563688                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles        85892                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts     14391822                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents           29                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents        22389                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents        40107                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands     19999541                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups     67019337                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups     67019337                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps     17040101                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps        2959440                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts         3784                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2115                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts          233314                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads      1377485                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores       748055                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads        19271                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores       164535                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded         14366696                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3795                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued        13560184                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18405                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1821906                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4235487                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          448                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23426878                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578830                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.268544                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17711959     75.61%     75.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2300623      9.82%     85.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1235381      5.27%     90.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       852251      3.64%     94.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       747283      3.19%     97.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       382789      1.63%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        91822      0.39%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        60123      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        44647      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23426878                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3413     11.53%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead        12895     43.55%     55.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13299     44.92%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11349813     83.70%     83.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       211928      1.56%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1660      0.01%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1255045      9.26%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       741738      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total     13560184                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.531365                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt             29607                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002183                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50595258                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16192530                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13332669                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses     13589791                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        34016                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       247775                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           98                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          136                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        16864                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          829                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles       373417                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles        220794                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles        14538                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14370506                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5884                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1377485                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       748055                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2123                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents        10278                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          136                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       118474                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       115462                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts       233936                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13357796                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1178243                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       202388                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                  15                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs            1919749                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches        1867847                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores           741506                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.523435                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent             13332970                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count            13332669                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers         7929968                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers        20773698                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.522450                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.381731                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10008625                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps     12279229                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2091496                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3347                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts       206195                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23053461                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.532641                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.351588                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18037674     78.24%     78.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2325856     10.09%     88.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       975722      4.23%     92.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       583660      2.53%     95.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       406352      1.76%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       261468      1.13%     97.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       137023      0.59%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       109585      0.48%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       216121      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23053461                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts     10008625                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps     12279229                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs              1860901                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads             1129710                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars              1670                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches          1757266                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts        11070364                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls       249829                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events       216121                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads           37208000                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes          29114881                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                306234                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles               2092637                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts          10008625                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps            12279229                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total     10008625                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.549752                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.549752                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.392195                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.392195                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads       60264495                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes      18505546                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads      13441074                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes         3344                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles               25519514                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups        2311938                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1925019                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       211866                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       884012                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits         844754                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS         248295                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9861                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20106830                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts             12677538                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches           2311938                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches      1093049                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles             2643016                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles        590421                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles       665943                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines         1250373                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes       202398                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples     23792403                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.654895                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.030262                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0       21149387     88.89%     88.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1         161988      0.68%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2         205399      0.86%     90.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3         325248      1.37%     91.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4         136116      0.57%     92.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5         175172      0.74%     93.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6         203463      0.86%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7          93150      0.39%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8        1342480      5.64%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total     23792403                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.090595                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.496778                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles       19988267                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles       796286                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles         2630243                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles         1277                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles       376328                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved       351593                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          286                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts     15494119                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         1670                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles       376328                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles       20009131                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles         65007                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles       674196                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles         2610612                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles        57122                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts     15397147                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents           26                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents         8088                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents        39824                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands     21506572                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups     71595287                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups     71595287                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps     17972240                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps        3534323                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts         3715                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1933                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts          200295                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads      1442841                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores       753258                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8575                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores       169726                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded         15032845                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3729                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued        14413515                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        14428                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1840878                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3752136                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          132                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23792403                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.605803                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326783                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17685669     74.33%     74.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2783666     11.70%     86.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1141025      4.80%     90.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       637742      2.68%     93.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       863973      3.63%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       266164      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       262461      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       140529      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        11174      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23792403                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         99506     79.07%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13455     10.69%     89.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12885     10.24%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12143455     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       196937      1.37%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1782      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1320667      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       750674      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total     14413515                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.564804                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt            125846                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008731                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     52759707                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16877545                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14037167                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses     14539361                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        10666                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       274644                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            4                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           95                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10854                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles       376328                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles         49577                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6406                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     15036579                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        11635                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1442841                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       753258                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1932                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents         5594                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            4                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           95                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       124772                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       119520                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts       244292                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14161721                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1299285                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       251794                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs            2049851                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches        2003116                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores           750566                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.554937                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent             14037247                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count            14037167                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers         8410723                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers        22584317                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.550056                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.372414                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10456032                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps     12884273                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2152361                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3597                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts       213459                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23416075                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.550232                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.370451                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17961736     76.71%     76.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2764620     11.81%     88.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1003900      4.29%     92.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       500058      2.14%     94.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       456813      1.95%     96.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       192004      0.82%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       190422      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        90301      0.39%     98.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       256221      1.09%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23416075                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts     10456032                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps     12884273                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs              1910598                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads             1168194                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars              1794                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches          1867580                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts        11599983                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls       266054                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events       256221                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads           38196410                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes          30449620                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                307373                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles               1727111                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts          10456032                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps            12884273                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total     10456032                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.440650                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.440650                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.409727                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.409727                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads       63717569                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes      19617282                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads      14329835                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes         3594                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles               25519515                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups        2106728                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1723938                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       207071                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       866535                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits         827718                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS         217595                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9442                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20272324                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts             11781665                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches           2106728                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches      1045313                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles             2458866                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles        566738                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles       461871                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines         1241614                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes       207149                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples     23550037                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614335                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.957201                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0       21091171     89.56%     89.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1         114618      0.49%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2         182620      0.78%     90.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3         246487      1.05%     91.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4         252578      1.07%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5         214659      0.91%     93.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6         120349      0.51%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7         177849      0.76%     95.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8        1149706      4.88%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total     23550037                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.082554                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.461673                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles       20067206                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles       668986                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles         2454328                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles         2799                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles       356716                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved       346373                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          260                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts     14454746                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         1527                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles       356716                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles       20122881                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles        136557                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles       406470                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles         2402190                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles       125221                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts     14448549                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents           24                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents        16903                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents        54625                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands     20161724                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups     67213731                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups     67213731                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps     17451764                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps        2709960                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts         3560                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1841                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts          377787                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads      1353065                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores       732263                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8655                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores       281941                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded         14429058                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3575                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued        13694181                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1990                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1610221                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3863787                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          110                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23550037                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581493                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.267057                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17672566     75.04%     75.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2483326     10.54%     85.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1238083      5.26%     90.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       878742      3.73%     94.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       698407      2.97%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       289123      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       182037      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        95026      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        12727      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23550037                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2762     12.18%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8422     37.13%     49.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11496     50.69%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11516331     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       204363      1.49%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1716      0.01%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1242012      9.07%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       729759      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total     13694181                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.536616                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt             22680                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001656                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50963069                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16042915                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13486276                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses     13716861                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        27645                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       219007                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            8                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           62                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10800                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles       356716                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles        108412                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12261                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14432662                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         6020                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1353065                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       732263                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1844                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents        10350                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           62                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       119885                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       116693                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts       236578                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13503418                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1168047                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       190763                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                  29                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs            1897735                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches        1918411                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores           729688                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.529141                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent             13486414                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count            13486276                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers         7743111                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers        20862720                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.528469                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.371146                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10173851                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps     12519244                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1913419                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3465                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts       209456                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23193321                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.539778                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.376315                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17987498     77.55%     77.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2614142     11.27%     88.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       955117      4.12%     92.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       458550      1.98%     94.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       427928      1.85%     96.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       223580      0.96%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       166866      0.72%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        88710      0.38%     98.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       270930      1.17%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23193321                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts     10173851                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps     12519244                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs              1855521                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads             1134058                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars              1728                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches          1805454                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts        11279632                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls       257854                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events       270930                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads           37354976                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes          29222058                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                308844                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles               1969478                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts          10173851                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps            12519244                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total     10173851                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.508344                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.508344                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.398669                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.398669                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads       60777221                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes      18786368                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads      13400283                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes         3462                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles               25519515                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups        2067638                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1691068                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       204363                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       870502                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits         815572                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS         212181                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9149                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20073537                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts             11725803                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches           2067638                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches      1027753                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles             2458101                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles        591387                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles       362503                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines         1236275                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes       205693                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples     23276748                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615640                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.966762                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0       20818647     89.44%     89.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1         133855      0.58%     90.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2         211029      0.91%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3         333818      1.43%     92.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4         138769      0.60%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5         156144      0.67%     93.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6         165561      0.71%     94.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7         107828      0.46%     94.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8        1211097      5.20%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total     23276748                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.081022                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.459484                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles       19889307                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles       548591                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles         2450176                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles         6346                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles       382327                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved       338717                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          281                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts     14318487                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         1661                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles       382327                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles       19920289                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles        177526                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles       282685                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles         2426054                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles        87854                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts     14308843                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents         2400                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents        24602                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents        32815                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.FullRegisterEvents         4441                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands     19864131                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups     66553004                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups     66553004                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps     16947576                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps        2916555                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts         3610                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1970                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts          265261                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads      1365855                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores       733016                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads        22205                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores       167155                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded         14286101                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3619                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued        13519861                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17127                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1818763                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4037303                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          313                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23276748                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580831                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.272826                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17575857     75.51%     75.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2287876      9.83%     85.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1252285      5.38%     90.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       853283      3.67%     94.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       796370      3.42%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       229305      0.99%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       178885      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        60845      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        42042      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23276748                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3194     12.54%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead         9919     38.94%     51.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12361     48.52%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11325391     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       213535      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1639      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1250453      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       728843      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total     13519861                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.529785                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt             25474                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001884                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50359071                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16108636                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13299632                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses     13545335                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        40572                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       247253                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           46                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          157                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        21741                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          859                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles       382327                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles        122049                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12315                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14289743                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         6420                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1365855                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       733016                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1968                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9038                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          157                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       118749                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       116601                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts       235350                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13325686                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1176041                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       194175                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                  23                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs            1904571                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches        1874589                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores           728530                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.522176                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent             13299859                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count            13299632                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers         7777134                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers        20312886                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.521155                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.382867                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9955222                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps     12202471                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2087304                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3306                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts       208389                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22894421                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.532989                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.386303                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17938750     78.35%     78.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2400590     10.49%     88.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       935210      4.08%     92.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       503316      2.20%     95.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       376447      1.64%     96.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       209841      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       129899      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       115818      0.51%     98.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       284550      1.24%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22894421                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts      9955222                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps     12202471                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs              1829877                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads             1118602                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars              1650                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches          1751510                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts        10995440                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls       247918                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events       284550                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads           36899581                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes          28961902                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                325672                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles               2242767                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts           9955222                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps            12202471                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total      9955222                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.563430                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.563430                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.390102                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.390102                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads       60093170                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes      18437406                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads      13354398                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes         3302                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles               25519515                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups        1987826                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1793096                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       106469                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       764207                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits         708218                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS         109509                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4666                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles     21055664                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts             12507340                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches           1987826                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches       817727                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles             2472105                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles        334763                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles       482358                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines         1210783                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes       106819                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples     24235805                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.605542                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.934383                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0       21763700     89.80%     89.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1          88232      0.36%     90.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2         180460      0.74%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3          75149      0.31%     91.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4         409920      1.69%     92.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5         365166      1.51%     94.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6          70773      0.29%     94.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7         148182      0.61%     95.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8        1134223      4.68%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total     24235805                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.077894                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.490109                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles       20937120                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles       602476                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles         2462981                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles         7796                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles       225427                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved       174889                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          251                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts     14666327                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         1524                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles       225427                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles       20959092                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles        426600                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles       108517                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles         2450181                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles        65981                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts     14657511                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents           14                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents        27631                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents        24240                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.FullRegisterEvents          454                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands     17218593                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups     69033905                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups     69033905                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps     15236727                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps        1981848                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts         1706                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts          866                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts          169662                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads      3455659                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores      1746616                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads        15901                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores        84250                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded         14626265                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1712                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued        14052762                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7704                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1147826                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2759068                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           17                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     24235805                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579835                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.377454                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19246249     79.41%     79.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1490588      6.15%     85.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1227972      5.07%     90.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       529441      2.18%     92.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       673102      2.78%     95.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       651260      2.69%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       369528      1.52%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        29289      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        18376      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     24235805                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         35489     11.06%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead       277231     86.43%     97.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         8020      2.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8819037     62.76%     62.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       122802      0.87%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          840      0.01%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3367872     23.97%     87.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1742211     12.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total     14052762                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.550667                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt            320740                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022824                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     52669768                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15776176                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13930374                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses     14373502                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        25386                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       137162                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           62                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          374                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11570                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1244                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles       225427                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles        389687                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles        18150                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14627987                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          175                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3455659                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1746616                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          866                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents        12359                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           11                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          374                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        60975                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        63475                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts       124450                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13952819                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3356032                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        99938                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                  10                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs            5098051                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches        1827352                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores          1742019                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.546751                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent             13930868                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count            13930374                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers         7525762                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers        14829856                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.545871                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.507474                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11308403                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps     13288927                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1340464                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1695                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts       108564                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     24010378                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553466                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377178                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19193192     79.94%     79.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1756542      7.32%     87.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       824600      3.43%     90.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       815786      3.40%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       221470      0.92%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       949066      3.95%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        70739      0.29%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        51681      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       127302      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     24010378                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts     11308403                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps     13288927                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs              5053528                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads             3318487                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars               846                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches          1754525                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts        11817302                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls       128662                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events       127302                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads           38512428                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes          29484266                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                463438                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles               1283710                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts          11308403                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps            13288927                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total     11308403                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.256686                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.256686                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.443128                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.443128                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads       68970746                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes      16183913                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads      17454959                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes         1692                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles               25519515                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups        2311838                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1924932                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       212316                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       879634                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits         843597                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS         248225                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9845                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20112000                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts             12678101                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches           2311838                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches      1091822                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles             2642424                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles        592587                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles       668259                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines         1250980                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes       203081                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples     23801012                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.654810                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.030356                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0       21158588     88.90%     88.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1         161870      0.68%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2         204014      0.86%     90.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3         325668      1.37%     91.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4         135935      0.57%     92.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5         174947      0.74%     93.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6         203285      0.85%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7          93579      0.39%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8        1343126      5.64%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total     23801012                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.090591                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.496800                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles       19993518                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles       798241                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles         2629938                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles         1272                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles       378041                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved       351582                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          288                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts     15499954                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         1655                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles       378041                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles       20014243                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles         64461                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles       676988                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles         2610447                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles        56825                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts     15404777                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents           19                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents         8143                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents        39449                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands     21512778                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups     71628031                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups     71628031                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps     17960956                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps        3551795                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts         3734                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1953                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts          200134                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads      1446322                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores       753454                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8260                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores       170189                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded         15038507                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3750                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued        14411781                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        15585                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1852317                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3793843                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          153                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23801012                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.605511                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326585                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17694913     74.35%     74.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2785230     11.70%     86.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1137669      4.78%     90.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       638940      2.68%     93.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       863533      3.63%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       266948      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       262187      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       140337      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        11255      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23801012                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         99937     78.97%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13723     10.84%     89.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12883     10.18%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12140957     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       196682      1.36%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1781      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1321514      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       750847      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total     14411781                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.564736                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt            126543                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008781                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     52766702                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16894665                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14035000                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses     14538324                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        10572                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       278865                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            3                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           94                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11519                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            6                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles       378041                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles         49123                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6248                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     15042260                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        11109                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1446322                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       753454                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1953                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents         5428                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            4                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           94                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       125137                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       119684                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts       244821                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14160345                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1299512                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       251436                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                   3                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs            2050237                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches        2002252                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores           750725                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.554883                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent             14035088                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count            14035000                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers         8406306                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers        22583281                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.549971                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.372236                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10449501                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps     12876173                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2166144                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3597                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts       213904                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23422971                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.549724                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.370024                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17971982     76.73%     76.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2763543     11.80%     88.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1003426      4.28%     92.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       498489      2.13%     94.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       456884      1.95%     96.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       191777      0.82%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       190310      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        90450      0.39%     98.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       256110      1.09%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23422971                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts     10449501                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps     12876173                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs              1909392                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads             1167457                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars              1794                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches          1866390                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts        11592702                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls       265884                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events       256110                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads           38209100                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes          30462698                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                308051                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles               1718503                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts          10449501                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps            12876173                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total     10449501                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.442175                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.442175                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.409471                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.409471                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads       63710496                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes      19611920                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads      14330183                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes         3594                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles               25519515                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups        1988529                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1793835                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       106117                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       740254                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits         708082                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS         109217                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4636                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles     21055506                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts             12513155                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches           1988529                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches       817299                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles             2472339                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles        334047                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles       485154                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines         1210372                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes       106515                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples     24238324                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.605771                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.934856                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0       21765985     89.80%     89.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1          87701      0.36%     90.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2         180189      0.74%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3          75181      0.31%     91.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4         409846      1.69%     92.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5         365123      1.51%     94.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6          70395      0.29%     94.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7         149340      0.62%     95.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8        1134564      4.68%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total     24238324                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.077922                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.490337                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles       20937002                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles       605259                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles         2463232                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles         7753                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles       225073                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved       174859                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          252                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts     14673456                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         1533                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles       225073                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles       20959472                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles        427199                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles       109770                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles         2449872                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles        66931                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts     14664901                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents           21                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents        27461                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents        24801                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.FullRegisterEvents          403                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands     17229669                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups     69068776                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups     69068776                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps     15246981                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps        1982683                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts         1711                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts          870                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts          173062                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads      3455674                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores      1746960                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads        15800                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores        85093                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded         14633644                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1718                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued        14058798                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7455                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1149357                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2763872                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           19                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     24238324                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580024                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.377722                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19247949     79.41%     79.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1489485      6.15%     85.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1228162      5.07%     90.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       530491      2.19%     92.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       673316      2.78%     95.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       651185      2.69%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       370352      1.53%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        28857      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        18527      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     24238324                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         35522     11.07%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead       277368     86.43%     97.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         8044      2.51%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8823923     62.76%     62.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       123021      0.88%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          841      0.01%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3368300     23.96%     87.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1742713     12.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total     14058798                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.550904                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt            320934                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022828                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     52684309                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15785081                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13937123                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses     14379732                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        25594                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       136495                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           64                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          363                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11478                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1248                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles       225073                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles        390546                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles        18101                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14635379                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          179                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3455674                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1746960                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          870                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents        12374                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           11                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          363                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        60908                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        63326                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts       124234                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13959394                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3356742                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        99404                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                  17                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs            5099294                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches        1828245                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores          1742552                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.547009                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent             13937650                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count            13937123                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers         7530771                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers        14844183                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.546136                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.507321                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11314452                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps     13296219                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1340390                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1699                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts       108209                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     24013251                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553703                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377544                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19193580     79.93%     79.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1757496      7.32%     87.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       825608      3.44%     90.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       815535      3.40%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       221539      0.92%     95.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       949041      3.95%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        71074      0.30%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        51927      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       127451      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     24013251                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts     11314452                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps     13296219                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs              5054658                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads             3319176                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars               848                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches          1755509                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts        11823876                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls       128785                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events       127451                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads           38522370                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes          29498327                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                463122                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles               1281191                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts          11314452                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps            13296219                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total     11314452                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.255480                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.255480                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.443365                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.443365                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads       69000270                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes      16193216                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads      17462083                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes         1696                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles               25519515                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups        1932493                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1730330                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       154505                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1292361                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1275651                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS         112396                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4601                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20507368                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts             10991189                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches           1932493                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches      1388047                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles             2449852                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles        510528                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles       306046                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines         1241019                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes       151278                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples     23618456                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.519813                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.759049                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0       21168604     89.63%     89.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1         379373      1.61%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2         184239      0.78%     92.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3         373694      1.58%     93.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4         114374      0.48%     94.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5         347352      1.47%     95.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6          53041      0.22%     95.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7          86491      0.37%     96.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8         911288      3.86%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total     23618456                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.075726                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.430697                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles       20242953                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles       575431                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles         2444828                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles         2012                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles       353231                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved       177942                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred         1959                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts     12255065                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         4616                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles       353231                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles       20272944                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles        347472                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles       138028                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles         2417352                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles        89423                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts     12236492                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents           17                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents         9505                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents        72645                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands     15991694                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups     55394445                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups     55394445                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps     12923850                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps        3067841                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts         1589                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts          805                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts          188700                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads      2246300                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores       348427                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3153                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores        79664                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded         12172086                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1592                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued        11381364                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7382                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2230011                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4591021                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           10                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23618456                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.481884                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.092597                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18625023     78.86%     78.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1555985      6.59%     85.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1690584      7.16%     92.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       978208      4.14%     96.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       493748      2.09%     98.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       124022      0.53%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       144558      0.61%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3487      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2841      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23618456                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         18605     57.29%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7636     23.51%     80.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         6236     19.20%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8900802     78.21%     78.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        86558      0.76%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          786      0.01%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2048034     17.99%     96.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       345184      3.03%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total     11381364                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.445987                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt             32477                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002854                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     46421043                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14403725                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11090479                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses     11413841                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         9039                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       461221                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           13                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           38                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9511                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles       353231                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles        228119                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles        10909                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12173689                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          438                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2246300                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       348427                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          802                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4085                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          267                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           38                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       103772                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        59901                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts       163673                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11239568                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2020201                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       141796                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                  11                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs            2365356                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches        1711273                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores           345155                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.440430                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent             11093263                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count            11090479                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers         6721316                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers        14487860                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.434588                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.463927                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8848856                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps      9927092                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2247081                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1582                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts       153352                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23265224                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.426692                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.299285                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19589879     84.20%     84.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1429767      6.15%     90.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       932967      4.01%     94.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       290439      1.25%     95.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       491649      2.11%     97.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        92925      0.40%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        59188      0.25%     98.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        53555      0.23%     98.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       324855      1.40%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23265224                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts      8848856                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps      9927092                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs              2123995                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads             1785079                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars               790                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches          1526515                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts         8664448                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls       120668                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events       324855                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads           35114516                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes          24701855                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                459597                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles               1901059                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts           8848856                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps             9927092                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total      8848856                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.883934                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.883934                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.346749                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.346749                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads       52304030                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes      14413623                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads      13074462                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes         1580                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles               25519515                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups        1929304                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1727653                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       154776                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1306810                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1275787                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS         112411                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4648                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20498971                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts             10972553                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches           1929304                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches      1388198                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles             2446312                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles        509715                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles       305162                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines         1240711                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes       151552                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples     23604554                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.519179                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.757764                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0       21158242     89.64%     89.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1         378744      1.60%     91.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2         183981      0.78%     92.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3         373706      1.58%     93.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4         114183      0.48%     94.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5         347714      1.47%     95.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6          52910      0.22%     95.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7          86198      0.37%     96.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8         908876      3.85%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total     23604554                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.075601                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.429967                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles       20227715                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles       581410                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles         2441267                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles         2008                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles       352153                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved       177476                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred         1958                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts     12232916                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         4626                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles       352153                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles       20258375                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles        354744                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles       135180                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles         2413253                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles        90843                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts     12213609                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents           33                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents         9413                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents        74118                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands     15961977                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups     55286171                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups     55286171                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps     12906696                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps        3055245                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts         1584                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts          802                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts          191081                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads      2243829                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores       346909                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3092                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores        78966                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded         12149241                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1588                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued        11364270                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7410                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2219540                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4568608                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           10                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23604554                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.481444                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.091907                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18615404     78.86%     78.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1557786      6.60%     85.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1688872      7.15%     92.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       974756      4.13%     96.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       493649      2.09%     98.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       123650      0.52%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       144199      0.61%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3472      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2766      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23604554                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         18652     57.43%     57.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7614     23.44%     80.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         6213     19.13%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8885995     78.19%     78.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        86356      0.76%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          784      0.01%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2047408     18.02%     96.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       343727      3.02%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total     11364270                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.445317                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt             32479                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002858                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     46372980                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14370398                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11073578                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses     11396749                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         8562                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       460463                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           13                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           32                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         8579                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles       352153                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles        231633                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11058                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12150837                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          453                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2243829                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       346909                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          800                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4045                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          245                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           32                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       104339                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        59403                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts       163742                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11223074                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2018660                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       141193                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                   8                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs            2362363                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches        1709084                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores           343703                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.439784                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent             11076301                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count            11073578                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers         6710686                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers        14457262                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.433926                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.464174                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8838038                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps      9914432                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2236846                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1578                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts       153626                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23252401                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.426383                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.298737                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19581026     84.21%     84.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1428854      6.14%     90.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       931814      4.01%     94.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       289596      1.25%     95.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       491049      2.11%     97.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        93146      0.40%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        59224      0.25%     98.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        53644      0.23%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       324048      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23252401                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts      8838038                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps      9914432                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs              2121688                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads             1783358                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars               788                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches          1524640                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts         8653224                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls       120468                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events       324048                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads           35079605                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes          24654990                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                459894                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles               1914961                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts           8838038                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps             9914432                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total      8838038                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.887464                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.887464                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.346325                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.346325                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads       52226090                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes      14392472                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads      13052632                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes         1576                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles               25519513                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups        1929260                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1727875                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       154756                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1306446                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1275838                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS         112133                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4575                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20497918                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts             10971473                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches           1929260                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches      1387971                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles             2446177                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles        509754                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles       304990                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines         1240543                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes       151518                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples     23603245                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.519161                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.757667                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0       21157068     89.64%     89.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1         378603      1.60%     91.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2         184083      0.78%     92.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3         373369      1.58%     93.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4         114507      0.49%     94.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5         347953      1.47%     95.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6          53063      0.22%     95.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7          85955      0.36%     96.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8         908644      3.85%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total     23603245                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.075599                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.429925                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles       20227418                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles       580461                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles         2441222                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles         1946                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles       352197                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved       177181                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred         1963                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts     12231794                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         4643                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles       352197                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles       20257953                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles        354465                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles       134490                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles         2413204                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles        90930                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts     12213034                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents           11                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents         9254                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents        74364                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands     15961739                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups     55284302                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups     55284302                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps     12904517                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps        3057206                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts         1584                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts          801                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts          191056                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads      2242880                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores       347101                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2715                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores        79032                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded         12147998                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1587                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued        11361435                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7514                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2219792                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4571005                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            9                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23603245                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.481351                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.091802                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18614806     78.87%     78.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1557848      6.60%     85.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1688968      7.16%     92.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       974802      4.13%     96.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       492489      2.09%     98.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       123745      0.52%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       144344      0.61%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3444      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2799      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23603245                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         18676     57.34%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7669     23.55%     80.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         6226     19.12%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8884345     78.20%     78.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        86385      0.76%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          784      0.01%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2046090     18.01%     96.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       343831      3.03%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total     11361435                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.445206                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt             32571                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002867                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     46366200                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14369415                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11070590                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses     11394006                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         8406                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       460068                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           41                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         8771                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles       352197                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles        231673                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11096                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12149591                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          404                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2242880                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       347101                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          799                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4108                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          252                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           41                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       104552                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        59227                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts       163779                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11219017                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2017247                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       142418                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs            2361040                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches        1708269                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores           343793                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.439625                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent             11073378                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count            11070590                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers         6708917                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers        14455818                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.433809                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.464098                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8836194                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps      9912588                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2237490                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1578                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts       153601                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23251048                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.426329                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.298585                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19579602     84.21%     84.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1429192      6.15%     90.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       932023      4.01%     94.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       289710      1.25%     95.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       490822      2.11%     97.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        93039      0.40%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        58955      0.25%     98.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        53633      0.23%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       324072      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23251048                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts      8836194                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps      9912588                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs              2121139                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads             1782809                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars               788                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches          1524331                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts         8651689                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls       120468                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events       324072                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads           35077028                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes          24652632                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                459565                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles               1916268                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts           8836194                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps             9912588                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total      8836194                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.888066                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.888066                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.346252                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.346252                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads       52209592                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes      14388843                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads      13051294                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes         1576                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles               25519490                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups        2312289                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1925456                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       211686                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       881102                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits         843791                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS         248476                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9872                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20107943                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts             12683687                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches           2312289                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches      1092267                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles             2642467                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles        590469                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles       676105                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines         1250199                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes       202331                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples     23803355                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.654927                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.030603                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0       21160888     88.90%     88.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1         161692      0.68%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2         203853      0.86%     90.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3         324773      1.36%     91.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4         136446      0.57%     92.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5         174718      0.73%     93.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6         203962      0.86%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7          93584      0.39%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8        1343439      5.64%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total     23803355                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.090609                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.497020                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles       19989672                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles       806003                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles         2629816                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles         1313                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles       376549                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved       351474                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          291                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts     15503174                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         1687                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles       376549                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles       20010318                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles         64872                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles       684390                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles         2610431                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles        56788                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts     15407422                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents           23                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents         8149                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents        39449                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands     21518091                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups     71645118                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups     71645118                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps     17977825                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps        3540165                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts         3720                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1937                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts          199517                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads      1444004                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores       754047                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8288                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores       170394                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded         15040986                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3736                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued        14420321                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        15292                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1842177                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3761238                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          135                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23803355                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.605810                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326790                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17693791     74.33%     74.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2786428     11.71%     86.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1138305      4.78%     90.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       639344      2.69%     93.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       864951      3.63%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       266590      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       262273      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       140525      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        11148      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23803355                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        100076     79.09%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13564     10.72%     89.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12898     10.19%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12148096     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       196961      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1783      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1321952      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       751529      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total     14420321                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.565071                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt            126538                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008775                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     52785827                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16886989                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14043615                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses     14546859                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        10640                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       275442                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            4                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           91                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11395                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles       376549                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles         49436                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6240                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     15044727                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        11517                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1444004                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       754047                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1937                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents         5428                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            5                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           91                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       124816                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       119463                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts       244279                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14168517                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1300201                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       251804                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs            2051620                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches        2003142                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores           751419                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.555204                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent             14043721                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count            14043615                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers         8413139                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers        22598443                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.550309                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.372288                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10459338                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps     12888295                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2156423                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3601                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts       213276                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23426806                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.550152                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.370459                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17971043     76.71%     76.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2765391     11.80%     88.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1004530      4.29%     92.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       499273      2.13%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       457150      1.95%     96.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       192339      0.82%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       190236      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        90438      0.39%     98.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       256406      1.09%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23426806                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts     10459338                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps     12888295                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs              1911198                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads             1168553                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars              1796                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches          1868139                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts        11603635                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls       266140                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events       256406                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads           38215040                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes          30466074                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                306791                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles               1716135                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts          10459338                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps            12888295                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total     10459338                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.439876                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.439876                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.409857                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.409857                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads       63752239                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes      19623358                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads      14337356                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes         3598                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles               25519515                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups        2070742                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1693606                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       203894                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       854789                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits         814220                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS         212404                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9142                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20079119                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts             11753202                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches           2070742                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches      1026624                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles             2462196                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles        593359                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles       359028                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines         1236556                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes       205272                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples     23285372                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616756                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.968865                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0       20823176     89.43%     89.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1         134289      0.58%     90.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2         210982      0.91%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3         334638      1.44%     92.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4         138612      0.60%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5         154404      0.66%     93.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6         165849      0.71%     94.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7         107722      0.46%     94.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8        1215700      5.22%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total     23285372                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.081143                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.460557                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles       19893151                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles       546823                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles         2454275                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles         6366                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles       384756                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved       339244                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          275                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts     14349808                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         1620                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles       384756                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles       19924982                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles        173567                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles       281993                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles         2429453                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles        90608                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts     14339955                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents         2444                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents        24618                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents        33696                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.FullRegisterEvents         5796                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands     19907415                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups     66703108                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups     66703108                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps     16960859                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps        2946555                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts         3619                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1975                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts          269314                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads      1367886                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores       734834                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads        22107                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores       167018                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded         14317185                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3628                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued        13536766                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17263                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1841044                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4112732                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          318                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23285372                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581342                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.273507                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17580026     75.50%     75.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2288480      9.83%     85.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1251348      5.37%     90.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       855320      3.67%     94.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       798938      3.43%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       228723      0.98%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       179745      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        60543      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        42249      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23285372                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3252     12.64%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead        10044     39.03%     51.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12436     48.33%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11338773     83.76%     83.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       214330      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1641      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1251742      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       730280      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total     13536766                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.530448                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt             25732                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001901                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50401899                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16162012                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13316072                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses     13562498                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        40611                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       248386                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           34                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          159                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        22968                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          877                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles       384756                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles        119499                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12084                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14320835                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         6418                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1367886                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       734834                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1975                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents         8887                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          159                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       118074                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       116877                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts       234951                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13342215                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1177084                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       194551                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                  22                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs            1906969                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches        1876185                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores           729885                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.522824                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent             13316321                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count            13316072                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers         7786645                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers        20340471                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.521800                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.382815                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9963137                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps     12212133                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2108744                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3310                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts       207947                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22900616                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533267                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.386609                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17942032     78.35%     78.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2401219     10.49%     88.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       935690      4.09%     92.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       503756      2.20%     95.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       376786      1.65%     96.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       210461      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       130236      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       116087      0.51%     98.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       284349      1.24%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22900616                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts      9963137                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps     12212133                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs              1831366                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads             1119500                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars              1652                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches          1752886                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts        11004170                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls       248118                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events       284349                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads           36937079                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes          29026542                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                325954                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles               2234143                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts           9963137                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps            12212133                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total      9963137                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.561394                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.561394                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.390412                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.390412                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads       60165663                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes      18460394                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads      13383937                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes         3306                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles               25519515                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups        2069384                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1692491                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       204344                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       851706                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits         813609                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS         212424                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9120                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20077396                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts             11746986                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches           2069384                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches      1026033                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles             2459956                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles        595040                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles       361195                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines         1236639                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes       205678                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples     23284797                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616426                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.968530                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0       20824841     89.44%     89.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1         133848      0.57%     90.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2         210011      0.90%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3         334916      1.44%     92.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4         138395      0.59%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5         154025      0.66%     93.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6         165544      0.71%     94.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7         107978      0.46%     94.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8        1215239      5.22%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total     23284797                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.081090                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.460314                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles       19890825                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles       549570                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles         2452161                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles         6269                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles       385971                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved       339041                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          280                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts     14342090                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         1648                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles       385971                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles       19922874                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles        175503                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles       283065                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles         2426958                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles        90413                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts     14332300                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents         2813                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents        24720                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents        33815                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.FullRegisterEvents         5221                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands     19896704                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups     66669053                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups     66669053                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps     16940951                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps        2955751                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts         3605                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1963                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts          270660                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads      1366691                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores       734023                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads        22022                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores       167293                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded         14309384                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3614                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued        13526072                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17249                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1845531                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4129908                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          308                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23284797                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580897                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.273179                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17583312     75.51%     75.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2287684      9.82%     85.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1250782      5.37%     90.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       854057      3.67%     94.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       798332      3.43%     97.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       227729      0.98%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       179961      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        60606      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        42334      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23284797                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3241     12.73%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead         9821     38.59%     51.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12390     48.68%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11329966     83.76%     83.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       213998      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1639      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1250961      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       729508      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total     13526072                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.530029                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt             25452                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001882                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50379642                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16158688                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13304257                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses     13551524                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        40028                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       248501                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           33                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          164                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        22992                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          867                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles       385971                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles        120409                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12308                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14313022                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         6529                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1366691                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       734023                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1963                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9102                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          164                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       118516                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       117145                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts       235661                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13330409                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1175769                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       195663                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                  24                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs            1904934                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches        1874539                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores           729165                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.522361                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent             13304490                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count            13304257                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers         7778519                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers        20321632                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.521337                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.382770                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9951431                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps     12197795                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2115267                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3306                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts       208397                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22898826                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.532682                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.385844                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17944886     78.37%     78.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2399560     10.48%     88.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       935188      4.08%     92.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       502980      2.20%     95.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       375979      1.64%     96.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       210100      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       130392      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       115777      0.51%     98.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       283964      1.24%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22898826                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts      9951431                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps     12197795                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs              1829221                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads             1118190                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars              1650                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches          1750839                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts        10991236                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls       247824                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events       283964                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads           36927859                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes          29012135                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                326142                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles               2234718                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts           9951431                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps            12197795                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total      9951431                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.564407                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.564407                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.389954                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.389954                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads       60112290                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes      18443683                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads      13375965                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes         3302                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles               25519515                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups        1987549                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1792936                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       106489                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       747957                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits         707299                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS         109333                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4631                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles     21051067                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts             12507608                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches           1987549                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches       816632                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles             2471069                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles        335234                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles       481648                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines         1210515                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes       106802                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples     24229911                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.605741                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.934875                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0       21758842     89.80%     89.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1          87588      0.36%     90.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2         180055      0.74%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3          75175      0.31%     91.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4         409122      1.69%     92.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5         365167      1.51%     94.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6          70467      0.29%     94.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7         149264      0.62%     95.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8        1134231      4.68%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total     24229911                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.077883                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.490119                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles       20932053                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles       602285                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles         2461927                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles         7761                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles       225880                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved       174722                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          247                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts     14667444                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         1515                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles       225880                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles       20954589                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles        423590                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles       110437                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles         2448545                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles        66863                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts     14658623                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents           23                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents        27478                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents        24793                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.FullRegisterEvents          374                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands     17224628                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups     69039637                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups     69039637                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps     15233377                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps        1991245                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts         1746                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts          906                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts          173704                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads      3454471                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores      1745965                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads        15871                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores        85440                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded         14627667                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1753                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued        14050252                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7474                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1153711                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2776773                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           57                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     24229911                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579872                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.377444                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19241069     79.41%     79.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1490155      6.15%     85.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1227886      5.07%     90.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       530158      2.19%     92.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       672695      2.78%     95.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       650466      2.68%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       370002      1.53%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        29111      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        18369      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     24229911                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         35513     11.07%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead       277209     86.43%     97.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         8023      2.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8818874     62.77%     62.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       122843      0.87%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          840      0.01%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3366049     23.96%     87.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1741646     12.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total     14050252                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.550569                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt            320745                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022828                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     52658634                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15783503                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13928215                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses     14370997                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        25540                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       137440                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           61                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          373                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11648                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1245                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles       225880                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles        386726                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles        18234                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14629435                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          175                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3454471                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1745965                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          906                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents        12405                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            7                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          373                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        61023                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        63607                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts       124630                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13950503                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3354430                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        99749                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                  15                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs            5095895                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches        1827092                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores          1741465                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.546660                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent             13928718                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count            13928215                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers         7525712                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers        14835747                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.545787                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.507269                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11305196                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps     13285282                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1345352                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1696                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts       108592                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     24004031                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553460                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377243                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19188353     79.94%     79.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1756132      7.32%     87.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       824540      3.44%     90.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       814790      3.39%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       221671      0.92%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       948423      3.95%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        71128      0.30%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        51819      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       127175      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     24004031                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts     11305196                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps     13285282                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs              5051340                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads             3317028                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars               846                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches          1754088                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts        11814094                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls       128662                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events       127175                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads           38507451                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes          29487194                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                463489                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles               1289604                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts          11305196                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps            13285282                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total     11305196                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.257326                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.257326                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.443002                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.443002                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads       68956131                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes      16184694                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads      17453242                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes         1694                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.replacements                          36829                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tagsinuse                      32763.568525                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.total_refs                          1322120                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.sampled_refs                          69597                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.avg_refs                          18.996796                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.warmup_cycle                              0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           265.610541                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    20.725560                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   886.293049                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    16.290986                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   831.801604                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    20.329406                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   869.011270                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    22.531561                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   503.753072                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    21.616008                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   596.267358                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    22.226448                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data  1215.272357                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    22.288363                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data  1361.441788                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    22.136757                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   482.360868                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    22.094687                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data  1370.830589                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    16.547970                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   808.787343                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    15.712411                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   831.970850                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    17.198569                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   844.723822                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    21.980853                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   493.272859                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    19.165960                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data  1193.605222                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    22.020781                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data  1209.178108                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    21.345181                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data  1362.050720                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu00.data           987.958757                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu01.data          1227.029024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu02.data          1080.959286                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu03.data           744.331310                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu04.data           851.309885                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu05.data          1166.156487                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu06.data          1213.980113                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu07.data           746.996145                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu08.data          1201.885299                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu09.data          1295.205341                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu10.data          1233.098637                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu11.data          1176.625951                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu12.data           721.021075                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu13.data          1201.563169                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu14.data          1236.931948                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu15.data          1228.073178                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_percent::writebacks            0.008106                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000632                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.027048                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000497                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.025385                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000620                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.026520                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000688                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.015373                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000660                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.018197                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000678                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.037087                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000680                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.041548                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000676                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.014720                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000674                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.041834                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000505                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.024682                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000480                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.025390                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000525                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.025779                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000671                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.015053                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000585                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.036426                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000672                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.036901                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000651                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.041566                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu00.data            0.030150                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu01.data            0.037446                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu02.data            0.032988                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu03.data            0.022715                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu04.data            0.025980                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu05.data            0.035588                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu06.data            0.037048                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu07.data            0.022797                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu08.data            0.036679                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu09.data            0.039527                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu10.data            0.037631                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu11.data            0.035908                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu12.data            0.022004                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu13.data            0.036669                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu14.data            0.037748                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu15.data            0.037478                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::total                 0.999865                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         3572                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         3548                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         3653                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         2575                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         2665                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         4146                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         4889                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         2599                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         4868                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         3623                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         3520                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         3492                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         2576                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         4213                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         4218                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         4892                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   59069                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks            16940                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                 16940                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   189                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data         3587                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data         3554                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data         3668                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data         2591                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data         2683                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data         4161                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data         4898                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data         2615                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data         4876                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data         3627                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data         3525                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data         3498                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data         2594                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data         4228                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data         4233                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data         4900                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    59258                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data         3587                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data         3554                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data         3668                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data         2591                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data         2683                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data         4161                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data         4898                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data         2615                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data         4876                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data         3627                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data         3525                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data         3498                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data         2594                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data         4228                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data         4233                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data         4900                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   59258                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2084                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2024                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2032                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1196                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1463                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         3124                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3275                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1170                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3300                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1949                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2022                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2057                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1193                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3047                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         3067                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3265                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 36809                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                   9                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2086                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2024                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2034                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1196                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1463                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         3124                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3275                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1170                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3301                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1951                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2023                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2057                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1193                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3047                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         3067                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3266                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  36818                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2086                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           29                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2024                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2034                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1196                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1463                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         3124                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3275                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1170                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3301                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           30                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1951                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2023                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           30                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2057                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1193                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3047                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         3067                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3266                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 36818                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      4907824                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    314904900                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      4322023                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    304661072                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5125129                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    307094387                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5347915                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    182255305                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5892738                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    220852000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5499936                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    473558034                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5552268                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    497420157                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5734937                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    176625224                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5712428                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    502070150                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      4393023                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    294316463                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4052070                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    305637104                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4427294                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    310890659                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5679893                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    182102244                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5330122                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    462899512                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5707363                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    465927724                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5470945                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    497584970                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5581955813                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       272992                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       338915                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data       130800                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       305983                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       145664                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       141824                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total       1336178                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      4907824                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    315177892                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      4322023                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    304661072                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5125129                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    307433302                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5347915                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    182255305                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5892738                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    220852000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5499936                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    473558034                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5552268                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    497420157                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5734937                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    176625224                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5712428                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    502200950                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      4393023                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    294622446                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4052070                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    305782768                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4427294                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    310890659                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5679893                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    182102244                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5330122                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    462899512                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5707363                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    465927724                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5470945                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    497726794                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       5583291991                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      4907824                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    315177892                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      4322023                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    304661072                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5125129                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    307433302                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5347915                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    182255305                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5892738                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    220852000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5499936                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    473558034                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5552268                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    497420157                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5734937                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    176625224                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5712428                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    502200950                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      4393023                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    294622446                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4052070                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    305782768                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4427294                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    310890659                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5679893                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    182102244                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5330122                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    462899512                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5707363                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    465927724                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5470945                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    497726794                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      5583291991                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         5656                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         5572                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         5685                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         3771                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         4128                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         7270                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         8164                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         3769                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         8168                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         5572                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         5542                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         5549                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         3769                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         7260                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         7285                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         8157                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               95878                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        16940                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total             16940                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               198                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         5673                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         5578                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         5702                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         3787                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         4146                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         7285                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         8173                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         3785                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         8177                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         5578                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         5548                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         5555                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         3787                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         7275                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         7300                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         8166                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                96076                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           34                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         5673                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           30                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         5578                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         5702                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         3787                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         4146                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         7285                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         8173                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         3785                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         8177                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           31                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         5578                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         5548                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           31                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         5555                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         3787                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         7275                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         7300                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         8166                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               96076                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.368458                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.363245                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.357432                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.942857                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.317157                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.354409                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.429711                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.401151                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.944444                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.310427                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.404016                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.349785                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.364850                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.370697                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.945946                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.316530                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.419697                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.421002                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.400270                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.383915                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.117647                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.117647                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.111111                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.166667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.111111                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.045455                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.367707                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.362854                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.356717                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.942857                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.315817                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.352870                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.428826                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.400710                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.944444                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.309115                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.403693                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.349767                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.364636                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.370297                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.945946                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.315025                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.418832                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.420137                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.399951                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.383217                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.367707                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.362854                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.356717                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.942857                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.315817                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.352870                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.428826                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.400710                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.944444                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.309115                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.403693                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.349767                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.364636                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.370297                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.945946                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.315025                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.418832                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.420137                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.399951                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.383217                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 148721.939394                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 151105.998081                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 149035.275862                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 150524.245059                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 150739.088235                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 151129.127461                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 162058.030303                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 152387.378763                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 151095.846154                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 150958.304853                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst       152776                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 151587.078745                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 154229.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 151884.017405                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 168674.617647                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 150961.729915                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 154389.945946                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 152142.469697                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 146434.100000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 151008.959979                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 150076.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 151155.837784                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 147576.466667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 151137.899368                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 162282.657143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 152642.283319                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 152289.200000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 151919.761076                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 154253.054054                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 151916.440822                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 151970.694444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 152399.684533                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 151646.494417                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       136496                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 169457.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data       130800                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 152991.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       145664                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       141824                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 148464.222222                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 148721.939394                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 151091.990412                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 149035.275862                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 150524.245059                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 150739.088235                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 151147.149459                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 162058.030303                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 152387.378763                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 151095.846154                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 150958.304853                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst       152776                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 151587.078745                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 154229.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 151884.017405                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 168674.617647                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 150961.729915                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 154389.945946                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 152136.004241                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 146434.100000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 151010.992312                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 150076.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 151153.123085                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 147576.466667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 151137.899368                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 162282.657143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 152642.283319                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 152289.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 151919.761076                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 154253.054054                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 151916.440822                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 151970.694444                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 152396.446418                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 151645.716525                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 148721.939394                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 151091.990412                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 149035.275862                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 150524.245059                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 150739.088235                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 151147.149459                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 162058.030303                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 152387.378763                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 151095.846154                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 150958.304853                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst       152776                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 151587.078745                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 154229.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 151884.017405                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 168674.617647                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 150961.729915                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 154389.945946                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 152136.004241                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 146434.100000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 151010.992312                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 150076.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 151153.123085                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 147576.466667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 151137.899368                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 162282.657143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 152642.283319                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 152289.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 151919.761076                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 154253.054054                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 151916.440822                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 151970.694444                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 152396.446418                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 151645.716525                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 9034                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      9034                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2084                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2024                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2032                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1196                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1463                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         3124                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3275                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1170                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3300                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1949                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2022                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2057                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1193                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3047                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         3067                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3265                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            36809                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total              9                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2086                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2024                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2034                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1196                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1463                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         3124                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3275                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1170                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3301                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1951                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2023                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2057                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1193                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3047                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         3067                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3266                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             36818                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2086                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2024                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2034                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1196                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1463                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         3124                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3275                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1170                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3301                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1951                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2023                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2057                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1193                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3047                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         3067                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3266                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            36818                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2988485                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    193548470                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2635417                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    186784405                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3145366                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    188756043                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3430275                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    112605211                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3617883                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    135643643                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3404650                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    291670743                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3459939                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    306794529                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3760381                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    108484113                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3562541                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    309940265                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2650675                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    180795445                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2480005                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    187851465                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2684021                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    191068677                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3644768                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    112642426                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3292145                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    285503232                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3552356                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    287363560                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3376811                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    307564921                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3438702866                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       155877                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       222767                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data        72750                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       189400                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data        87076                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data        83401                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       811271                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2988485                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    193704347                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2635417                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    186784405                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3145366                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    188978810                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3430275                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    112605211                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3617883                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    135643643                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3404650                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    291670743                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3459939                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    306794529                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3760381                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    108484113                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3562541                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    310013015                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2650675                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    180984845                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2480005                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    187938541                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2684021                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    191068677                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3644768                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    112642426                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3292145                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    285503232                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3552356                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    287363560                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3376811                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    307648322                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3439514137                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2988485                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    193704347                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2635417                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    186784405                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3145366                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    188978810                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3430275                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    112605211                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3617883                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    135643643                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3404650                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    291670743                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3459939                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    306794529                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3760381                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    108484113                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3562541                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    310013015                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2650675                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    180984845                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2480005                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    187938541                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2684021                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    191068677                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3644768                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    112642426                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3292145                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    285503232                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3552356                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    287363560                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3376811                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    307648322                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3439514137                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.368458                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.363245                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.357432                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.942857                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.317157                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.354409                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.429711                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.401151                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.310427                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.404016                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.349785                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.364850                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.370697                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.945946                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.316530                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.419697                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.421002                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.400270                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.383915                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.117647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.117647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.111111                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.166667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.111111                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.045455                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.367707                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.362854                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.356717                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.942857                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.315817                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.352870                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.428826                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.400710                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.309115                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.403693                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.349767                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.364636                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.370297                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.945946                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.315025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.418832                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.420137                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.399951                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.383217                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.367707                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.362854                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.356717                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.942857                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.315817                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.352870                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.428826                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.400710                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.309115                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.403693                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.349767                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.364636                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.370297                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.945946                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.315025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.418832                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.420137                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.399951                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.383217                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 90560.151515                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 92873.546065                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 90876.448276                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 92284.785079                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 92510.764706                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 92891.753445                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 103947.727273                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 94151.514214                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 92766.230769                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 92716.092276                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 94573.611111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 93364.514405                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 96109.416667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 93677.718779                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 110599.441176                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 92721.464103                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 96284.891892                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 93921.292424                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 88355.833333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 92763.183684                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 91852.037037                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 92903.790801                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 89467.366667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 92887.057365                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 104136.228571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 94419.468567                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 94061.285714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 93699.780768                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 96009.621622                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 93695.324421                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 93800.305556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 94200.588361                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93420.165340                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 77938.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 111383.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data        72750                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data        94700                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data        87076                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data        83401                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 90141.222222                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 90560.151515                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 92859.226750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 90876.448276                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 92284.785079                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 92510.764706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 92909.936087                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 103947.727273                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 94151.514214                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 92766.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 92716.092276                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 94573.611111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 93364.514405                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 96109.416667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 93677.718779                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 110599.441176                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 92721.464103                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 96284.891892                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 93914.878825                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 88355.833333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 92765.169144                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 91852.037037                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 92900.910035                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 89467.366667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 92887.057365                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 104136.228571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 94419.468567                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 94061.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 93699.780768                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 96009.621622                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 93695.324421                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 93800.305556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 94197.281690                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93419.363817                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 90560.151515                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 92859.226750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 90876.448276                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 92284.785079                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 92510.764706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 92909.936087                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 103947.727273                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 94151.514214                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 92766.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 92716.092276                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 94573.611111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 93364.514405                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 96109.416667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 93677.718779                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 110599.441176                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 92721.464103                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 96284.891892                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 93914.878825                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 88355.833333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 92765.169144                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 91852.037037                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 92900.910035                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 89467.366667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 92887.057365                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 104136.228571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 94419.468567                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 94061.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 93699.780768                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 96009.621622                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 93695.324421                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 93800.305556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 94197.281690                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93419.363817                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              510.822540                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1001230456                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  516                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1940369.100775                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    28.822540                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.046190                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.818626                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1222364                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1222364                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1222364                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total        1222364                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1222364                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total       1222364                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6651504                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6651504                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6651504                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6651504                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6651504                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6651504                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1222407                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1222407                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1222407                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total      1222407                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1222407                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total      1222407                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 154686.139535                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 154686.139535                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 154686.139535                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 154686.139535                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 154686.139535                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 154686.139535                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5404534                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5404534                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5404534                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5404534                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5404534                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5404534                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 158956.882353                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158956.882353                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 158956.882353                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158956.882353                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 158956.882353                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158956.882353                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                 5673                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              158372806                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                 5929                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             26711.554394                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   225.282021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    30.717979                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.880008                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.119992                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       858657                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        858657                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       726500                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       726500                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1720                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1720                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1669                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1669                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data      1585157                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total        1585157                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data      1585157                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total       1585157                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data        19361                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19361                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          454                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          454                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data        19815                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total        19815                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data        19815                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total        19815                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2446247560                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2446247560                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     53250832                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     53250832                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2499498392                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2499498392                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2499498392                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2499498392                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       878018                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       878018                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       726954                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       726954                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         1720                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1720                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         1669                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1669                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      1604972                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1604972                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      1604972                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1604972                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.022051                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022051                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000625                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000625                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.012346                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012346                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.012346                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012346                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 126349.236093                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 126349.236093                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 117292.581498                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 117292.581498                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 126141.730608                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 126141.730608                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 126141.730608                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 126141.730608                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1902                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total            1902                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        13705                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13705                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          437                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          437                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        14142                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14142                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        14142                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14142                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         5656                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5656                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         5673                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5673                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         5673                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5673                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    578209938                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    578209938                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      1277294                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1277294                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    579487232                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    579487232                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    579487232                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    579487232                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.006442                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006442                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.003535                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003535                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.003535                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003535                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 102229.479844                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102229.479844                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 75134.941176                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75134.941176                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 102148.286973                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102148.286973                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 102148.286973                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102148.286973                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              549.374550                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs              919937593                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1651593.524237                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    23.044132                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst   526.330418                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.036930                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.843478                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.880408                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1240410                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1240410                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1240410                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total        1240410                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1240410                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total       1240410                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           37                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5704179                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5704179                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5704179                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5704179                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5704179                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5704179                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1240447                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1240447                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1240447                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total      1240447                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1240447                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total      1240447                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000030                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000030                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000030                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst       154167                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total       154167                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst       154167                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total       154167                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst       154167                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total       154167                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      4853031                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4853031                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      4853031                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4853031                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      4853031                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4853031                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 161767.700000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161767.700000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 161767.700000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161767.700000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 161767.700000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161767.700000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                 5578                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              205258124                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                 5834                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             35183.086047                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   192.260369                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    63.739631                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.751017                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.248983                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      1850215                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1850215                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       336765                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       336765                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          799                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          799                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          791                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          791                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data      2186980                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total        2186980                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data      2186980                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total       2186980                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        19370                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19370                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data        19400                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total        19400                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data        19400                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total        19400                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2099921739                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2099921739                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      2540549                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2540549                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2102462288                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2102462288                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2102462288                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2102462288                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      1869585                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1869585                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       336795                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       336795                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          799                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          799                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          791                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          791                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      2206380                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2206380                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      2206380                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2206380                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.010361                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010361                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000089                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000089                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008793                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008793                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008793                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008793                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 108411.034538                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108411.034538                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 84684.966667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84684.966667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 108374.344742                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 108374.344742                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 108374.344742                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 108374.344742                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          652                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total             652                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        13798                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13798                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        13822                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        13822                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        13822                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        13822                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         5572                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5572                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         5578                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5578                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         5578                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5578                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    565734888                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    565734888                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       398260                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       398260                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    566133148                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    566133148                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    566133148                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    566133148                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002980                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002980                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002528                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002528                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002528                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002528                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 101531.745872                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101531.745872                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 66376.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66376.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 101493.931158                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101493.931158                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 101493.931158                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101493.931158                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              512.120776                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs             1001230285                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1936615.638298                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    30.120776                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.048270                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.820706                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1222193                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1222193                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1222193                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total        1222193                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1222193                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total       1222193                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6971340                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6971340                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6971340                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6971340                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6971340                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6971340                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1222237                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1222237                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1222237                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total      1222237                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1222237                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total      1222237                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 158439.545455                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 158439.545455                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 158439.545455                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 158439.545455                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 158439.545455                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 158439.545455                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5668457                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5668457                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5668457                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5668457                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5668457                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5668457                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 161955.914286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161955.914286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 161955.914286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161955.914286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 161955.914286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161955.914286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                 5702                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              158375250                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                 5958                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             26581.948640                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   225.284143                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    30.715857                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.880016                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.119984                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       860399                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        860399                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       727140                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       727140                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1779                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1779                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1672                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1672                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data      1587539                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total        1587539                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data      1587539                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total       1587539                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        19458                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19458                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          456                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          456                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        19914                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total        19914                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        19914                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total        19914                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2445278692                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2445278692                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     54102539                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     54102539                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2499381231                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2499381231                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2499381231                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2499381231                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       879857                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       879857                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       727596                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       727596                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         1779                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1779                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         1672                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1672                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      1607453                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1607453                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      1607453                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1607453                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.022115                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022115                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000627                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000627                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.012389                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012389                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.012389                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012389                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 125669.580224                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 125669.580224                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 118645.918860                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 118645.918860                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 125508.749171                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 125508.749171                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 125508.749171                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 125508.749171                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1971                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total            1971                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        13773                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13773                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          439                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          439                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        14212                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14212                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        14212                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14212                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         5685                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5685                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         5702                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5702                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         5702                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5702                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    575772903                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    575772903                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      1343698                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1343698                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    577116601                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    577116601                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    577116601                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    577116601                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.006461                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006461                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003547                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003547                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003547                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003547                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 101279.314512                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101279.314512                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 79041.058824                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79041.058824                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 101213.013153                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101213.013153                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 101213.013153                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101213.013153                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              485.312007                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs             1003039284                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  490                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             2047018.946939                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    30.312007                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.048577                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.777744                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1250326                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1250326                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1250326                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total        1250326                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1250326                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total       1250326                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      8663849                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8663849                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      8663849                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8663849                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      8663849                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8663849                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1250373                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1250373                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1250373                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total      1250373                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1250373                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total      1250373                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 184337.212766                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 184337.212766                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 184337.212766                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 184337.212766                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 184337.212766                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 184337.212766                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6716819                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6716819                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6716819                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6716819                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6716819                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6716819                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 191909.114286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 191909.114286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 191909.114286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 191909.114286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 191909.114286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 191909.114286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                 3787                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              148774382                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                 4043                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             36798.016819                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   219.912268                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    36.087732                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.859032                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.140968                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       995021                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        995021                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       738709                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       738709                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1897                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1897                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1797                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1797                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data      1733730                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total        1733730                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data      1733730                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total       1733730                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         9634                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         9634                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data           62                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           62                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         9696                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total         9696                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         9696                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total         9696                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1033108838                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1033108838                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      6374458                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6374458                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1039483296                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1039483296                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1039483296                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1039483296                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      1004655                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1004655                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       738771                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       738771                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         1897                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1897                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         1797                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1797                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      1743426                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1743426                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      1743426                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1743426                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.009589                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009589                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000084                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000084                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.005561                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005561                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.005561                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005561                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 107235.710816                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107235.710816                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 102813.838710                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 102813.838710                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 107207.435644                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 107207.435644                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 107207.435644                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 107207.435644                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          829                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total             829                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         5863                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         5863                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data           46                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           46                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         5909                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         5909                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         5909                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         5909                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3771                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3771                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3787                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3787                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3787                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3787                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    369230797                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    369230797                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      1247946                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1247946                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    370478743                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    370478743                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    370478743                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    370478743                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.003754                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003754                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002172                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002172                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002172                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002172                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 97913.231769                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97913.231769                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 77996.625000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77996.625000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 97829.084500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97829.084500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 97829.084500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97829.084500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              508.271419                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs              999937397                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  516                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1937863.172481                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    33.271419                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.053320                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.814538                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1241562                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1241562                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1241562                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total        1241562                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1241562                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total       1241562                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      8080503                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8080503                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      8080503                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8080503                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      8080503                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8080503                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1241614                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1241614                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1241614                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total      1241614                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1241614                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total      1241614                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 155394.288462                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 155394.288462                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 155394.288462                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 155394.288462                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 155394.288462                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 155394.288462                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6568511                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6568511                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6568511                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6568511                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6568511                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6568511                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 160207.585366                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160207.585366                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 160207.585366                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160207.585366                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 160207.585366                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160207.585366                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                 4146                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              152471991                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                 4402                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             34636.981145                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   223.264749                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    32.735251                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.872128                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.127872                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       854776                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        854776                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       718038                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       718038                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1820                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1820                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1731                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1731                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data      1572814                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total        1572814                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data      1572814                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total       1572814                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data        13229                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        13229                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          105                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          105                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data        13334                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total        13334                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data        13334                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total        13334                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1579799690                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1579799690                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      8641661                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8641661                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1588441351                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1588441351                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1588441351                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1588441351                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       868005                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       868005                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       718143                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       718143                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         1820                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1820                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         1731                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1731                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      1586148                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1586148                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      1586148                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1586148                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.015241                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015241                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000146                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000146                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008407                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008407                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008407                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008407                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 119419.433820                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 119419.433820                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 82301.533333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82301.533333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 119127.144968                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 119127.144968                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 119127.144968                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 119127.144968                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          868                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total             868                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         9101                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         9101                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data           87                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           87                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         9188                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         9188                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         9188                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         9188                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         4128                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4128                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         4146                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4146                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         4146                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4146                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    414376244                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    414376244                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      1178166                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1178166                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    415554410                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    415554410                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    415554410                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    415554410                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.004756                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004756                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002614                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002614                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002614                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002614                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 100381.842054                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100381.842054                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 65453.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65453.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 100230.200193                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100230.200193                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 100230.200193                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100230.200193                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              517.864068                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs             1005694277                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  527                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1908338.286528                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    27.864068                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.044654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.829910                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1236232                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1236232                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1236232                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total        1236232                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1236232                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total       1236232                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      7165473                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7165473                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      7165473                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7165473                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      7165473                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7165473                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1236275                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1236275                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1236275                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total      1236275                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1236275                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total      1236275                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 166638.906977                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 166638.906977                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 166638.906977                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 166638.906977                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 166638.906977                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 166638.906977                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6120252                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6120252                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6120252                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6120252                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6120252                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6120252                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 165412.216216                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165412.216216                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 165412.216216                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165412.216216                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 165412.216216                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165412.216216                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                 7285                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              167227195                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                 7541                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             22175.731998                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   227.614572                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    28.385428                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.889119                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.110881                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       855706                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        855706                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       707849                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       707849                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1924                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1924                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1651                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1651                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data      1563555                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total        1563555                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data      1563555                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total       1563555                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        18754                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18754                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data           91                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           91                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data        18845                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total        18845                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data        18845                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total        18845                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2262397687                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2262397687                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      7850363                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7850363                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2270248050                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2270248050                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2270248050                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2270248050                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       874460                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       874460                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       707940                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       707940                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         1924                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1924                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         1651                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1651                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      1582400                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1582400                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      1582400                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1582400                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.021446                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021446                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000129                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000129                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.011909                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011909                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.011909                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011909                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 120635.474405                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120635.474405                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 86267.725275                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86267.725275                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 120469.517113                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 120469.517113                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 120469.517113                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 120469.517113                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          862                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total             862                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        11484                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        11484                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data           76                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           76                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        11560                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        11560                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        11560                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        11560                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         7270                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7270                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         7285                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7285                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         7285                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7285                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    786973062                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    786973062                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      1036427                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1036427                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    788009489                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    788009489                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    788009489                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    788009489                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008314                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008314                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.004604                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004604                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.004604                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004604                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 108249.389546                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108249.389546                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 69095.133333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69095.133333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 108168.769938                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108168.769938                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 108168.769938                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108168.769938                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              571.500002                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs             1030793519                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  580                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1777230.205172                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    30.138796                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst   541.361206                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.048299                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.867566                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.915865                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1210738                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1210738                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1210738                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total        1210738                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1210738                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total       1210738                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      7419692                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7419692                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      7419692                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7419692                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      7419692                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7419692                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1210783                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1210783                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1210783                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total      1210783                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1210783                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total      1210783                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 164882.044444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 164882.044444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 164882.044444                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 164882.044444                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 164882.044444                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 164882.044444                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6136831                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6136831                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6136831                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6136831                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6136831                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6136831                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 165860.297297                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165860.297297                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 165860.297297                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165860.297297                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 165860.297297                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165860.297297                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                 8173                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              406446238                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                 8429                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             48219.983153                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   111.108232                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data   144.891768                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.434017                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.565983                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      3167006                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3167006                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      1733292                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1733292                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          850                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          850                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          846                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          846                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data      4900298                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total        4900298                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data      4900298                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total       4900298                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data        28926                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        28926                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        28956                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total        28956                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        28956                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total        28956                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3372962002                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3372962002                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      2626513                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2626513                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3375588515                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3375588515                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3375588515                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3375588515                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      3195932                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3195932                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      1733322                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1733322                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          850                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          850                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          846                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          846                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      4929254                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4929254                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      4929254                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4929254                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.009051                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009051                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000017                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000017                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.005874                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005874                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.005874                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005874                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 116606.582383                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 116606.582383                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 87550.433333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87550.433333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 116576.478623                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 116576.478623                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 116576.478623                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 116576.478623                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1436                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total            1436                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        20762                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        20762                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        20783                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        20783                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        20783                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        20783                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         8164                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8164                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         8173                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         8173                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         8173                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8173                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    877782940                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    877782940                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       675970                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       675970                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    878458910                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    878458910                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    878458910                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    878458910                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002554                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002554                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.001658                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001658                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.001658                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001658                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 107518.733464                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107518.733464                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 75107.777778                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75107.777778                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 107483.042946                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107483.042946                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 107483.042946                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107483.042946                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              486.635051                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs             1003039893                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  491                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             2042851.105906                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    31.635051                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.050697                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.779864                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1250935                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1250935                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1250935                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total        1250935                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1250935                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total       1250935                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      8936033                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8936033                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      8936033                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8936033                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      8936033                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8936033                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1250980                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1250980                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1250980                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total      1250980                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1250980                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total      1250980                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 198578.511111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 198578.511111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 198578.511111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 198578.511111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 198578.511111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 198578.511111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      7412593                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7412593                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      7412593                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7412593                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      7412593                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7412593                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 205905.361111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 205905.361111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 205905.361111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 205905.361111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 205905.361111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 205905.361111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                 3785                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              148774412                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                 4041                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             36816.236575                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   219.887973                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    36.112027                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.858937                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.141063                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       995509                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        995509                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       738228                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       738228                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1920                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1920                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1797                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1797                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data      1733737                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total        1733737                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data      1733737                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total       1733737                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         9622                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         9622                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data           75                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           75                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         9697                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total         9697                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         9697                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total         9697                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1014065762                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1014065762                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      6560898                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6560898                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1020626660                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1020626660                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1020626660                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1020626660                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      1005131                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1005131                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       738303                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       738303                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         1920                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1920                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         1797                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1797                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      1743434                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1743434                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      1743434                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1743434                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.009573                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009573                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000102                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000102                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.005562                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005562                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.005562                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005562                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 105390.330700                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 105390.330700                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 87478.640000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87478.640000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 105251.795401                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 105251.795401                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 105251.795401                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 105251.795401                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets         7546                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets         7546                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          831                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total             831                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         5853                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         5853                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data           59                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           59                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         5912                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         5912                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         5912                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         5912                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3769                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3769                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3785                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3785                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3785                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3785                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    364057632                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    364057632                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      1227595                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1227595                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    365285227                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    365285227                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    365285227                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    365285227                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.003750                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003750                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002171                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002171                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002171                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002171                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 96592.632529                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96592.632529                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 76724.687500                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76724.687500                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 96508.646499                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96508.646499                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 96508.646499                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96508.646499                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              572.296885                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs             1030793104                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  581                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1774170.574871                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    30.936187                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst   541.360698                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.049577                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.867565                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.917142                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1210323                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1210323                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1210323                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total        1210323                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1210323                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total       1210323                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      7974514                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7974514                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      7974514                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7974514                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      7974514                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7974514                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1210372                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1210372                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1210372                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total      1210372                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1210372                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total      1210372                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 162745.183673                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 162745.183673                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 162745.183673                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 162745.183673                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 162745.183673                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 162745.183673                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6272501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6272501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6272501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6272501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6272501                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6272501                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 165065.815789                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165065.815789                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 165065.815789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165065.815789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 165065.815789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165065.815789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                 8177                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              406447008                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                 8433                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             48197.202419                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   111.088799                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data   144.911201                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.433941                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.566059                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      3167336                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3167336                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      1733731                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1733731                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          849                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          849                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          848                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          848                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data      4901067                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total        4901067                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data      4901067                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total       4901067                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        28947                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        28947                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data           29                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           29                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        28976                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total        28976                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        28976                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total        28976                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3373429982                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3373429982                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      2611805                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2611805                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3376041787                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3376041787                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3376041787                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3376041787                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      3196283                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3196283                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      1733760                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1733760                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          849                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          849                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          848                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          848                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      4930043                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4930043                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      4930043                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4930043                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.009056                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009056                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000017                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000017                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.005877                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005877                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.005877                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005877                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 116538.155318                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 116538.155318                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 90062.241379                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90062.241379                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 116511.657475                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 116511.657475                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 116511.657475                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 116511.657475                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1471                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total            1471                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        20779                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        20779                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        20799                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        20799                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        20799                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        20799                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         8168                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8168                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         8177                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         8177                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         8177                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8177                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    878213265                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    878213265                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data       655925                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       655925                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    878869190                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    878869190                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    878869190                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    878869190                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002555                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002555                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.001659                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001659                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.001659                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001659                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 107518.764079                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107518.764079                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 72880.555556                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72880.555556                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 107480.639599                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107480.639599                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 107480.639599                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107480.639599                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              549.211998                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs              919938164                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  558                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1648634.702509                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    22.881905                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst   526.330093                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.036670                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.843478                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.880147                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1240981                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1240981                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1240981                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total        1240981                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1240981                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total       1240981                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5576590                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5576590                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5576590                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5576590                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5576590                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5576590                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1241019                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1241019                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1241019                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total      1241019                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1241019                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total      1241019                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000031                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000031                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000031                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 146752.368421                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 146752.368421                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 146752.368421                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 146752.368421                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 146752.368421                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 146752.368421                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      4771520                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4771520                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      4771520                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4771520                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      4771520                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4771520                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst       153920                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       153920                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst       153920                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       153920                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst       153920                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       153920                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                 5578                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              205259658                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                 5834                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             35183.348989                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   192.910959                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    63.089041                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.753558                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.246442                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      1851234                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1851234                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       337289                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       337289                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          791                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          791                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          790                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          790                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data      2188523                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total        2188523                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data      2188523                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total       2188523                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data        19402                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19402                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data        19432                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total        19432                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data        19432                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total        19432                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2081927697                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2081927697                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      4017273                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      4017273                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2085944970                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2085944970                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2085944970                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2085944970                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      1870636                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1870636                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       337319                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       337319                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          791                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          791                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          790                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          790                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      2207955                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2207955                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      2207955                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2207955                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.010372                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010372                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000089                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000089                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.008801                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008801                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.008801                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008801                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 107304.798320                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107304.798320                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 133909.100000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 133909.100000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 107345.871243                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 107345.871243                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 107345.871243                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 107345.871243                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          635                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total             635                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        13830                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13830                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        13854                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        13854                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        13854                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        13854                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         5572                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5572                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         5578                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5578                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         5578                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5578                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    558705497                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    558705497                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       595253                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       595253                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    559300750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    559300750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    559300750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    559300750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002979                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002979                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002526                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002526                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002526                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002526                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 100270.189698                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100270.189698                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 99208.833333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99208.833333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 100269.048046                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100269.048046                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 100269.048046                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100269.048046                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              548.378553                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs              919937858                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  555                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1657545.690090                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    22.047726                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst   526.330827                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.035333                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.843479                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.878812                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1240675                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1240675                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1240675                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total        1240675                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1240675                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total       1240675                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           36                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5493120                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5493120                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5493120                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5493120                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5493120                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5493120                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1240711                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1240711                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1240711                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total      1240711                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1240711                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total      1240711                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000029                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000029                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000029                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 152586.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 152586.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 152586.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 152586.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 152586.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 152586.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4487438                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4487438                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4487438                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4487438                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4487438                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4487438                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 160265.642857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160265.642857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 160265.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160265.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 160265.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160265.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                 5548                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              205258324                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                 5804                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             35364.976568                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   191.548902                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    64.451098                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.748238                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.251762                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      1850485                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1850485                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       336707                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       336707                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          790                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          790                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          788                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          788                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data      2187192                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total        2187192                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data      2187192                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total       2187192                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        19366                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19366                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data        19396                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total        19396                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data        19396                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total        19396                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2102587262                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2102587262                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      2770241                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2770241                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2105357503                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2105357503                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2105357503                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2105357503                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      1869851                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1869851                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       336737                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       336737                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          790                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          790                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          788                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          788                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      2206588                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2206588                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      2206588                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2206588                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.010357                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010357                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000089                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000089                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008790                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008790                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008790                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008790                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 108571.065889                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108571.065889                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 92341.366667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92341.366667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 108545.963240                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 108545.963240                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 108545.963240                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 108545.963240                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          624                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total             624                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        13824                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13824                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        13848                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        13848                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        13848                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        13848                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         5542                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5542                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         5548                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5548                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         5548                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5548                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    564585474                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    564585474                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       518964                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       518964                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    565104438                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    565104438                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    565104438                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    565104438                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002964                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002964                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002514                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002514                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002514                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002514                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 101873.957777                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101873.957777                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data        86494                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        86494                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 101857.324802                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101857.324802                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 101857.324802                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101857.324802                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              548.961733                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs              919937689                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  558                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1648633.851254                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    22.890256                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst   526.071477                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.036683                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.843063                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.879746                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1240506                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1240506                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1240506                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total        1240506                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1240506                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total       1240506                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           37                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5745613                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5745613                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5745613                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5745613                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5745613                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5745613                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1240543                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1240543                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1240543                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total      1240543                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1240543                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total      1240543                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000030                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000030                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000030                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 155286.837838                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 155286.837838                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 155286.837838                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 155286.837838                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 155286.837838                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 155286.837838                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4915472                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4915472                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4915472                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4915472                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4915472                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4915472                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 158563.612903                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158563.612903                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 158563.612903                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158563.612903                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 158563.612903                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158563.612903                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                 5554                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              205256967                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                 5810                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             35328.221515                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   191.675653                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data    64.324347                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.748733                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.251267                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      1849128                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1849128                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       336707                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       336707                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          790                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          790                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          788                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          788                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data      2185835                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total        2185835                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data      2185835                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total       2185835                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data        19396                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19396                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data        19426                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total        19426                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data        19426                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total        19426                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2116873198                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2116873198                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      2464687                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2464687                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2119337885                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2119337885                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2119337885                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2119337885                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      1868524                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1868524                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       336737                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       336737                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          790                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          790                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          788                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          788                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      2205261                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2205261                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      2205261                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2205261                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.010380                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010380                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000089                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000089                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008809                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008809                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008809                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008809                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 109139.678181                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 109139.678181                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 82156.233333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82156.233333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 109098.007052                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 109098.007052                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 109098.007052                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 109098.007052                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          647                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total             647                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        13847                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13847                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        13871                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        13871                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        13871                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        13871                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         5549                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5549                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         5555                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5555                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         5555                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5555                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    568017882                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    568017882                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       385369                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       385369                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    568403251                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    568403251                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    568403251                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    568403251                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002970                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002970                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002519                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002519                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002519                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002519                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 102364.008290                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102364.008290                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 64228.166667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64228.166667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 102322.817462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102322.817462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 102322.817462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102322.817462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              488.133238                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs             1003039111                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  492                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             2038697.380081                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    33.133238                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.053098                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.782265                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1250153                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1250153                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1250153                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total        1250153                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1250153                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total       1250153                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      8933952                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8933952                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      8933952                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8933952                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      8933952                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8933952                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1250199                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1250199                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1250199                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total      1250199                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1250199                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total      1250199                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 194216.347826                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 194216.347826                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 194216.347826                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 194216.347826                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 194216.347826                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 194216.347826                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      7367766                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7367766                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      7367766                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7367766                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      7367766                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7367766                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 199128.810811                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 199128.810811                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 199128.810811                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 199128.810811                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 199128.810811                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 199128.810811                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                 3786                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              148775423                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                 4042                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             36807.378278                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   219.916495                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    36.083505                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.859049                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.140951                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       995852                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        995852                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       738911                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       738911                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1903                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1903                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1799                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1799                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data      1734763                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total        1734763                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data      1734763                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total       1734763                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         9655                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         9655                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data           98                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           98                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         9753                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total         9753                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         9753                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total         9753                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1024418532                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1024418532                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      8198964                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8198964                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1032617496                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1032617496                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1032617496                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1032617496                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      1005507                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1005507                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       739009                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       739009                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         1903                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1903                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         1799                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1799                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      1744516                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1744516                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      1744516                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1744516                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.009602                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009602                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000133                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000133                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.005591                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005591                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.005591                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005591                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 106102.385500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 106102.385500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 83662.897959                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83662.897959                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 105876.909259                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 105876.909259                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 105876.909259                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 105876.909259                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          829                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total             829                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         5886                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         5886                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data           80                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           80                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         5966                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         5966                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         5966                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         5966                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3769                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3769                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3787                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3787                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3787                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3787                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    368448275                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    368448275                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      1403529                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1403529                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    369851804                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    369851804                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    369851804                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    369851804                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.003748                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003748                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002171                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002171                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002171                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002171                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 97757.568321                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97757.568321                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 77973.833333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77973.833333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 97663.534196                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97663.534196                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 97663.534196                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97663.534196                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              517.442822                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs             1005694553                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  526                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1911966.830798                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    27.442822                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.043979                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.829235                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1236508                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1236508                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1236508                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total        1236508                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1236508                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total       1236508                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      7349901                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7349901                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      7349901                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7349901                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      7349901                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7349901                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1236556                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1236556                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1236556                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total      1236556                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1236556                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total      1236556                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 153122.937500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 153122.937500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 153122.937500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 153122.937500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 153122.937500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 153122.937500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5811496                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5811496                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5811496                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5811496                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5811496                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5811496                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 161430.444444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161430.444444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 161430.444444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161430.444444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 161430.444444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161430.444444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                 7275                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              167228737                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                 7531                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             22205.382685                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   227.580244                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    28.419756                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.888985                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.111015                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       856649                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        856649                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       708442                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       708442                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1928                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1928                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1653                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1653                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data      1565091                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total        1565091                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data      1565091                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total       1565091                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        18589                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18589                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data           85                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           85                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data        18674                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total        18674                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data        18674                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total        18674                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2217398863                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2217398863                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      7043429                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7043429                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2224442292                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2224442292                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2224442292                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2224442292                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       875238                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       875238                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       708527                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       708527                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         1928                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1928                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         1653                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1653                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      1583765                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1583765                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      1583765                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1583765                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.021239                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021239                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000120                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000120                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.011791                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011791                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.011791                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011791                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 119285.537845                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 119285.537845                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 82863.870588                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82863.870588                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 119119.754311                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 119119.754311                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 119119.754311                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 119119.754311                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          903                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total             903                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        11329                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        11329                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data           70                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           70                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        11399                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        11399                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        11399                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        11399                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         7260                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7260                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         7275                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7275                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         7275                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7275                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    779328235                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    779328235                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       993232                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       993232                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    780321467                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    780321467                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    780321467                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    780321467                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008295                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008295                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.004593                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004593                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.004593                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004593                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 107345.486915                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107345.486915                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 66215.466667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66215.466667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 107260.682749                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107260.682749                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 107260.682749                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107260.682749                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              519.617612                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs             1005694639                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  528                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1904724.695076                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    29.856802                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst   489.760810                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.047847                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.784873                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.832721                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1236594                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1236594                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1236594                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total        1236594                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1236594                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total       1236594                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      7424384                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7424384                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      7424384                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7424384                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      7424384                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7424384                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1236639                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1236639                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1236639                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total      1236639                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1236639                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total      1236639                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 164986.311111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 164986.311111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 164986.311111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 164986.311111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 164986.311111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 164986.311111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6271284                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6271284                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6271284                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6271284                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6271284                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6271284                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 165033.789474                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165033.789474                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 165033.789474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165033.789474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 165033.789474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165033.789474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                 7300                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              167227452                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                 7556                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             22131.743250                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   227.556699                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    28.443301                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.888893                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.111107                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       856220                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        856220                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       707606                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       707606                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1910                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1910                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1651                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1651                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data      1563826                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total        1563826                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data      1563826                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total       1563826                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        18627                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18627                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data           90                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           90                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        18717                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total        18717                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        18717                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total        18717                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2231789659                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2231789659                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      7677119                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7677119                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2239466778                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2239466778                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2239466778                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2239466778                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       874847                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       874847                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       707696                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       707696                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         1910                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1910                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         1651                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1651                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      1582543                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1582543                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      1582543                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1582543                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.021292                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021292                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000127                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.011827                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011827                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.011827                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011827                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 119814.766683                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 119814.766683                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 85301.322222                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85301.322222                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 119648.810066                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 119648.810066                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 119648.810066                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 119648.810066                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          891                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total             891                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        11342                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        11342                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data           75                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           75                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        11417                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        11417                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        11417                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        11417                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         7285                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7285                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         7300                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7300                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         7300                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7300                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    784322844                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    784322844                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      1042824                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1042824                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    785365668                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    785365668                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    785365668                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    785365668                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008327                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008327                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.004613                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004613                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.004613                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004613                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 107662.710226                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107662.710226                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 69521.600000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69521.600000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 107584.338082                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107584.338082                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 107584.338082                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107584.338082                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              571.876832                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs             1030793247                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  580                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1777229.736207                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    30.515696                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst   541.361136                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.048903                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.867566                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.916469                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1210466                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1210466                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1210466                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total        1210466                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1210466                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total       1210466                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      7795901                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7795901                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      7795901                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7795901                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      7795901                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7795901                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1210515                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1210515                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1210515                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total      1210515                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1210515                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total      1210515                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 159100.020408                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 159100.020408                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 159100.020408                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 159100.020408                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 159100.020408                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 159100.020408                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5979020                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5979020                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5979020                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5979020                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5979020                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5979020                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 161595.135135                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161595.135135                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 161595.135135                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161595.135135                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 161595.135135                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161595.135135                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                 8166                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              406443745                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                 8422                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             48259.765495                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   111.088286                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data   144.911714                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.433939                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.566061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      3165204                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3165204                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      1732562                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1732562                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          888                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          888                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          847                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          847                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data      4897766                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total        4897766                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data      4897766                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total       4897766                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data        28936                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        28936                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data        28966                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total        28966                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data        28966                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total        28966                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3380896435                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3380896435                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      2924779                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2924779                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3383821214                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3383821214                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3383821214                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3383821214                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      3194140                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3194140                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      1732592                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1732592                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          888                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          888                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          847                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          847                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      4926732                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4926732                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      4926732                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4926732                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.009059                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009059                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000017                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000017                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.005879                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005879                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.005879                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005879                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 116840.490565                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 116840.490565                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 97492.633333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 97492.633333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 116820.452047                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 116820.452047                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 116820.452047                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 116820.452047                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1589                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total            1589                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        20779                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        20779                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        20800                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        20800                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        20800                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        20800                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         8157                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8157                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         8166                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         8166                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         8166                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8166                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    877770057                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    877770057                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       741740                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       741740                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    878511797                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    878511797                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    878511797                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    878511797                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002554                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002554                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.001657                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001657                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.001657                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001657                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 107609.422214                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107609.422214                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 82415.555556                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82415.555556                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 107581.655278                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107581.655278                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 107581.655278                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107581.655278                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
